tweet,class
"&quot;The Preacher's Kid&quot; last night. Tank &amp; Letoya Luckett were really good in the movie, now about to go kill this presentation in psychology",positive
@username Sounds like a great day! Enjoy the Bounty Hunter... Gerard Butler is adorable! :-),positive
"'Edge of darkness' is a brilliant thriller, well worth watching.",positive
The Book of Eli? AWESOME. Two major thumbs up!,positive
"Shutter Island was insane!! No pun intended. Plus there's a character named Dolores, which makes it an awesome film by default.",positive
back from theater! watched valentine's day with my girls! so sweet the movie! :D,positive
Just saw The Book of Eli. Pretty damn good,positive
RT @username: @username I'm looking forward to catch the latest scott-crowe spectacle. Clash of the Titans was a good guilty-pleasure lol,positive
You have to check out this awesome new movie To Save A Life - In Theaters! http://bit.ly/TSALMovie #tsal   It's an amazing Christian film!,positive
"Saw #Wolfman earlier and it was AWESOME!! Then I went to #Dennys &amp; had Nachos &amp; those were awesome to!! I'm SO full, but I want more!! Haha",positive
Loved shutter Island. Dont care what anyone says.,positive
I watched tooth fairy movie. Was cute for kids.,positive
"The Ghost Writer was an intelligent, tense drama that is not often seen these days. Not one of Polanski's greats, but worth seeing.",positive
Bounty hunter was an awesome movie. Obv cause jenn was in it&lt;3,positive
"@username I watched the bounty hunter, I enjoyed it but it's a bit of a romantic comedy",positive
"Aaaaah watched Dear John today:) amazing sentimental movie, loved it!",positive
today i saw THE LAST SONG &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 it was amazinggg :)),positive
Just saw Alice in Wonderland and it was fully awesome!,positive
(Part 1) Movie &quot;The Bounty Hunter&quot; has got a bad rap. I went and seen it tonight and it was very good. Only 2 others in theatre watching it.,positive
I can't actually believe that &quot;The Wolfman&quot; is doing as good as it is. I'm actually looking forward to seeing Shutter Island soon.,positive
From Paris with Love was awesome! Travolta is the mannnnn!,positive
"Watching Cop Out, they put the least funny stuff in the trailer.  I haven't laughed this hard.. ever! Thanks @username",positive
Spy Next Door Is Hilarious !! I Gotaa Say A Taaaaaaaaaaaad Kisish But It's So Fetch !!,positive
@username I saw Valentine's Day and thought it was pretty good. Haven't seen Nine yet..,positive
About to watch When in Rome! Pretty excited. I really want to see Dear John but that will have to wait,positive
"Dear John was soooo GOOD. But it could have been &quot;a little bit longer&quot;, heh. Cried though, yup but not as much as Sarah who was trying...",positive
Book of Eli. Awesome movie. About The Bible!!!! Literally,positive
"Must see: Shutter Island, creepy and unpredictable! http://www.shutterisland.com/",positive
Edge of Darkness was very good. Really liked seeing Mel Gibson back on screen.,positive
Off to see Iron Man 2! It's gonna be so awesome. Can't believe I had waited so long to see 1.,positive
goodnight everyone..went to see dear john..it was beautiful..and this was a busy saturday! but good one too!.. toddles.. :),positive
Saw Shutter Island. I gotta say...though the &quot;twist&quot; is completely predictable from the trailers.....it's still a REALLY good movie.,positive
"Wow, from paris with love, is a GREAT movie!! Go see it!! (With john travolta) 4 out of 5 stars :)",positive
"just got back from watching &quot;The CRAZIES&quot; its was a ok movie, kind of tight i left my pc on all day smh!",positive
"#Wolfman was alright. I need to stop watching movies without getting enough sleep the night before, though. :x",positive
"THE GHOST WRITER. Worth watching. Love me some solid thrillers. My thirst for thrillers? Never quenched. Too few. Let's make more, y'all.",positive
Just got done watchin Shutter Island! very gud movie! Now on my way to the photoshoot!,positive
Saw Dear John &amp; Wolfman last night. Dear John was rly good. Had me in tears but dude who did the Notebook did Dear John so wat u expect...,positive
"Clash of the Titans was amusing. Painting mi casa tomorrow so until then, you can catch me dreaming of ways to make money I don't have lol",positive
So tired. Alice In Wonderland was pretty damn trippy. gotta love tim burton &lt;3 on another note .... JOHNNY DEPP&lt;3 :D,positive
I paid 10 bucks to see grandma crawl on the ceiling and scratch this bitch's eyes out. #Legion. Awesome.,positive
@username lol I seen Alice In wonderland movie it was okay its just a movie to see once tho lol,positive
Watched The Book of Eli (In Theaters w/ @username http://bit.ly/5UiTbC) [4/5] This movie's been getting plenty o shit but I really dug it!,positive
"Tonight I went to see The Bounty Hunter, it was good. Marked it off the list, now How to Tame Your Dragon- tomorrow!",positive
&quot;She's Out Of My League&quot; Is Such A Cute Movie! Lol Loved It. (:,positive
"*Spoiler Alert* Shutter Island - a better made, nuanced, layered, well-performed, albeit Amanda-Peet-less version of Identity.",positive
the wolfman is bringing nothing new to the story .. thus why im bored by the movie,negative
"Ok, the Tooth Fairy was lame. Kids will love it. Adults won't. At least Ashley Judd was n it :) Rock was good but movie was a cheese fest",negative
clash of the titans sucked ass D: I'm so dissapointed.,negative
Just got back from watching The Wolfman. That movie SUCKED! Severely disappointed.,negative
Alice in Wonderland is anything but spectacular....just a revival of a childhood's book...,negative
DEAR JOHN was estupid ......noelia agrees roberto thinks it was sentimental.....no!,negative
"@username mom ken ava... i went to see the tooth fairy... it was stupid i wanted to see avatar... and no, i've decided i don't want one.",negative
I really want my ticket money back. #Wolfman was some bullshit! That movie had so much potential and they just made some bullshit.,negative
Just watched From Paris with Love. Dumb move on my part. How that movie got green lit is beyond me.,negative
"RT @username: I want to go see shutter island ... « Plz don't , that is a bad movie ..sooo overrated",negative
"@username You werent there!!! ={ we watched BOUNTY HUNTER...it sucked, it was long, boring, Nelly looked like she was bout to fall asleep =}",negative
Valentine's Day is one the THE BEST movies I have seen in a really long time.  SO good.,positive
'Shutter Island' lands at No. 1 again with $22.7M      (AP): AP - &quot;Shutter Island&quot; weathered ch... http://bit.ly/b637lT http://bit.ly/6eZdb,positive
When in rome was great and cute and I had cute company as well @username now off to joeys too see @username :),positive
Shutter Island - 7/10 maybe? I think that would be fair. Only disappointing thing was knowing how it would pan out.,positive
Gonna go watch Extraordinary Measures with mom tonight. Should be fun... I hope. Got a lot on my mind.,positive
Just saw Clash of the Titans AWESOME but i kind of like the old one better.,positive
I wanna watch Shutter Island again just so I can listen to those stupid little jokes.,positive
Just saw Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland. Liked it.,positive
"The Ghost Writer was a pretty good movie, though a little long at five hours and eighteen minutes.",positive
Just watched edge of darkness. Good stuff. Liked most of it.,positive
saw dear john last night...it was alright lls,positive
Shutter island = SO GOOD. I like movies that actually make you think..,positive
Watching the legion. This movie's awesome! :D,positive
"@username i wanna see dear john too! looks like a beautiful movieee,, bring on the tissues :P",positive
shutter island ; a-must-see movie ; april 6th seeya,positive
@username Shutter Island and Edge of Darkness are supposed to be great... but I haven't seen either to confirm,positive
Wanna catch a movie tonight!! Actualy I'm dying to watch shutter island.. Or how to train dragon!? I want both of them!! Aarrrggg,positive
Just watched Valentine's Day and loved it. I LMAO at Ashton on bloopers,positive
"As animated kids movies that I'm forced to watch on a Sunday afternoon go, How To Train Your Dragon wasn't bad.",positive
The Book of Eli was a powerful movie.....oh my goodness....,positive
Saw the bounty hunter. I liked it.,positive
"Anyone else excited about seeing The Book of Eli? Watch the brand new HD trailer here, looks like it's going to be epic http://bit.ly/an1qvP",positive
"Ok, so i just saw To Save a Life, and i am still wiping the tears.",positive
#nowplaying From paris with love - very good movieee,positive
@username around :-) i saw when in rome at the movies today! that was way better than i was expecting even! love josh duhamel tho ;-),positive
Wow! Alice in Wonderland 3D fab film!!!,positive
My new blog post: Alice in Wonderland: Tim Burton's finest film to date! (http://bit.ly/bfzars),positive
"Yay! Alice in Wonderland on Friday in IMAX 3D with @username, my sister, and her boyfriend! Excited!",positive
@username Shutter Island BETTER have your approval! It's better than 99% of the movies you normally like!,positive
alice in 3d was alright...nothing special...lol shutter island seems interesting but i didnt finish watching it...ohwells,positive
@username just saw Cop Out in Melbourne. Loved it! Pollak and Brody are hilarious!,positive
RT @username: lol i forgot xD I watched Valentine's Day yesterday xD  good movie,positive
'Shutter Island' tops box office with $40.2M http://ow.ly/16Drp7,positive
"i can recommend the 'edge of darkness' if you like nuclear influenced, dodgy politics and people who, when they die back flip...",positive
"Ok so The Wolfman was alright, I think I had more fun growling and pretending to metamorphis during the movie w my sis! Lol!",positive
From Paris With Love is a gud ass movie !!,positive
FYI my 10yr old boy gives ''The Spy Next Door'' 10 out of 10 &amp; I didn't fall asleep while watching it!!,positive
Edge of darkness... Pretty good movie,positive
"Just got back from Alice in Wonderland in 3D. Good movie, I'm impressed.",positive
Our family wedding was an ok movie...overall great night...time to head home and get in the bed!!!,positive
@username Dear John was AMAZING! (: absolutely loved it ;D,positive
I so want to see Shutter Island.,positive
#FYI Shutter Island is a pretty cool movie. I'd recommend it to a friend...,positive
~ The Book Of Eli is siiick! Highly recommend!,positive
"Despite what Rotten Tomatoes says, Valentine's Day was the cutest movie I've seen in a long time. @username you're in for a treat!",positive
just saw HOW TO SAVE A LIFE very good -- not perfect but very good. loved it.,positive
"@username :)  to When In Rome.  Hot Josh actor dude, nice eye candy :)",positive
Saw Alice in Wonderland today. Loved it.,positive
Watching the movie &quot;The Tooth Fairy&quot; It's actually a cute movie :),positive
Me and @username watchin Death at a Funeral. Its crazy funny y'all.,positive
i want to watch'The Last Song' so badly :D,positive
Saw Alice in Wonderland this weekend. LOVED it! Felt sorry for the mad hatter. He truly loved Alice.,positive
"So happy I went and saw Cop Out, even if it was by myself. Laughed the entire time...On to Shamrocks to watch the UK game!!!",positive
@username death at a funeral is HILARIOUS!!!,positive
"Oh yeah, in case you're wondering, Alice in Wonderland = 6/10 - It's nice enough to watch and recommend to others.",positive
"Saw &quot;The Book of Eli&quot; tonight - violent, but also turned out to be a meditation on faith, perseverance, and obedience - thought-provoking.",positive
Tooth fairy is the cutest movie ever! Plus the rock looks veryy hot,positive
I seen the movie #wolfman yesterday it was ok I wanted to book of eli,positive
watching when in rome... enjoying it FAR more than I thought I would.,positive
Date Night has moved up in my Top 10 funniest movies,positive
Enjoyed watching the first hour of WOLFMAN last night but had to leave early on account of the little lady and her sister being scared.,positive
LOVED watching Valentine's Day :) and hated every scene that had taylor swift in it :/ .......LETs GET NAKED!,positive
And 'dear john' also looks very good :D,positive
so preacher's kid was pretty gd. pretty much the story of the prodigal son (daughter). i liked it! gd job @username &amp; @username!!,positive
@username You'll like Shutter Island it was really good :D,positive
"Saw Shutter Island last night. Scorsese is just genius. I really enjoyed, it didn't feel long to me.",positive
Just saw Our Family Wedding. That movie is so freakin hilarious! Loved it!,positive
"@username back at ya, albeit late :) watched Mel Gibson Edge of Darkness which was good..",positive
@username I think you should or go see She's out of my league!! That was good.  I laughed through the whole movie! Plus it has #Pens!!,positive
How to train your dragon was prettygood. I'm getting good with my 3ds! New York chicken for dinner now. Mmmm.,positive
"Just finished watching &quot;To Save A Life&quot;....well balanced for a Christian flick, fair and honest. Well done folks.",positive
Bout 2 watch &quot;cop out&quot; hopefully hussle man(tracey morgan) don't disappoint,positive
"Saw Cop Out. Pretty funny, worth a see.",positive
"WHEN IN ROME (2009) .... Pretty Funny, I think we should all just grab a coin from Trevi Fountain (Fountain of Love) &amp; let the Love find us!",positive
Alice In Wonderland by Tim Burton is a masterpiece!,positive
@username shutter island is soo gd! X,positive
Just saw she's out of my league...AMAZING movie!!,positive
Alice in Wonderland was awesome :)) @username  got sick so she didn't get to go with us to see is :(,positive
@username It was boring lol It started off good and it just fizzled out wasted two hours! But Shutter Island with Leonardo is hella good!,positive
"@username legion was good, there's a hole in the story though, it could have been better.",positive
just came back from theatre seeing ''Valentine's Day''....very funny and REALLY good!!!,positive
Seen cop out today shit is maaa funny lol,positive
"THE BOOK OF ELI: what a powerful film, beautifully shot tho stark and mostly grey. I love Denzel Washington and Gary Oldman!",positive
Just got done watching alice in wonderland. In 3D. After the goose. My head hurts now. It was good accept for the dance scene w/ Depp,positive
My back kills and yeah I went to see Date Night last night with my friend Raj it was hilarious,positive
@username  SHUTTER ISLAND !!!-a true epic masterpiece of bonkersness!,positive
She's out of My League is so freakin fuuny :) I def recommend watching it if ur down for a laugh :),positive
"Saw Shutter Island this weekend. Not sure it completely lived up to the hype, but enjoyed it nevertheless.",positive
Valentine's Day : A good Film :),positive
"@username Shutter island is shot incredibly well, and the music is so #offsetshawty, but it works! Leo did his thang",positive
just done watching dear john online. great movie. what movie shud i watch next?,positive
"Bounty Hunter was so awesome! Cute, funny, romantic, entertaining. We loved it! Off to bed soon.",positive
just watched Tooth Fairy with her family. It's hilarious. (:,positive
"Hahaha imma still kill you Anthony for yesterday. &lt;3 Anyways, just saw shutter island and it made me mad. Good movie though.",positive
Shutter Island=Scary Ass Island. Freaky mind trip. Liked it.,positive
"Have you ever noticed how Nicholas Sparks's books make amazing movies? :] The Notebook, Time Traveler's Wife, The Last Song, Dear John.. :]",positive
"OK, so I got Cop Out but it's a little less than dvd quality. Very Watchable. I watched the entire movie it has good picture and great audio",positive
To start off i want to say i am not a creeper haha i am a teenager and i was just really inspired by the movie To Save a LIfe :D,positive
Just seen &quot;From Paris With Love&quot; very very enjoyable!,positive
In the movies with maine watching Legion. This ish crazy,positive
"Uh, if you're blown away, you CAN'T walk out. RT: &quot;Shutter Island was awesome. If you want to walk out of the theatre blown away go see it!&quot;",positive
"So, my twinnie &amp; I saw &quot;Valentine's Day&quot; today...quite nice. Nothing earthshattering, and &quot;Love, Actually&quot; is a way better, but still nice.",positive
The Book of Eli was VERY interesting!,positive
"Put aside your reservations about Roman Polanski as a human being, and see THE GHOST WRITER, one of the best thrillers in many a year.",positive
Win 1 of 2 Tooth Fairy  DVDs Great Family Movie! @username http://bit.ly/bbhavg   PLS R,positive
Just got home from seeing To Save A Life for the third time. Every sitting i learn something new from that movie,positive
Drop everything and go see Alice In Wonderland. THE MOST BEAUTIFUL movie I've ever seen.,positive
Braved the roads to see Dear John...it was only mile or so up the road and worth it...for Channing Tatum!  Ending kinda sucked...,positive
"RT @username: Ay if you haven't seen The Book of Eli, you missing out!! Denzel was raw in that shit...lol &lt;--- that movie was dope",positive
Shutter Island opened with 40M. Best opening for both #scorsese and #dicaprio Titanic only made 28.6M. #shutterisland,positive
Alice in Wonderland was good! Off with their head!,positive
Our family wedding was a cute movie. People who are reading this tweet should go and see it. You're in for a treat =],positive
"When in Rome is cute, enjoyed it much more then Leap Year.",positive
She's out of my league is one of the best movies of it's kind in forever,positive
Smh and I wanted to watch cop out again tonight funny movie but F**k that to... What 2 do with my anger rite now what 2 do,positive
just got back from seeing Alice in Wonderland in 3D.... it was AWESOME!!!!  The Jaberwocky was EPIC!,positive
@username diary of a wimpy kid.its actually really good!,positive
"I don't care if alice in wonderland is supposed to be poor, definitely going to see it",positive
Dear John. Amazing. Period.,positive
Alice in wonderland in imax 3d iss awesome!  See it!,positive
I can honestly say that &quot;The Book of Eli&quot; is on my favorite movie list.,positive
"@username for A date movie, When in Rome is good",positive
"'Shutter Island'. Amazing film. Beautifully shot, superbly acted, very smartly directed. I was second guessing myself all the time. 5/5",positive
"Expectations of Shutter Island met. Scorsese Moments = concentration camp in snow, smoke back into cigarette and matches used as lighting.",positive
Watchin The Book Of Eli. Shit good so far!,positive
The Crazies is a good movie. :),positive
I MUST watch When in Rome http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHS7EyzszeU It's a NEED!,positive
Saw the Tooth Fairy Today Chase Ellison was mad good in it- and so was Dwayne Johnson was a rlly good movie,positive
"Shutter island was intense. Good movie though, keeps ya guessin ill say that much",positive
"@username  dear john sold out again!! disappointed....oh well, When in Rome was good!",positive
Saw the movie &quot;Legion&quot; this afternoon.  Decent special effects and interesting movie.  Would have been a better rental.,positive
"Valentine's Day - good movie, shame the Brits have already done Love Actually, otherwise I would rate it more. Tiny bit predictable, 3 stars",positive
RT @username: ❤ Alice In Wonderland was visually stunning. Although very dark me thinks.,positive
Just saw She's Out of My League its such a funny movie,positive
"Roman Polanski's The Ghost Writer is one of the best films I've seen in recent years. It has masterful suspense, ... http://huff.to/di8n3r",positive
just got back from the movies..The Bounty Hunter was hilarious! hahahah,positive
"Shutter Island, Great Movie Highly suggest seeing it. I'm not a DiCaprio fan but he was good in this.",positive
"So, I watched 'How To Train Your Dragon' last night. It was entirely just one whole pleasant adventure. The film truly starts to soar...",positive
Watching Legion with @username. Looks pretty good.,positive
"shutter island, first film of 2010, a brilliant strike! go seeee, two times.",positive
Dear John was cool! And went to the mac yesterday!:D chickenwrap honey musterd(L),positive
alright so LEGION was gooood AF! i wanna go see it again; maybe ill go when i get off tonight...,positive
saw the last song.... it's actually nice.....,positive
If you want an effing good film go and see 'edge of darkness' mel gidson and ray winston! Pure quality.,positive
#FILM REVIEW The Crazies | An above-average contribution to #horror genre http://ow.ly/1gZvU #cinema #movies,positive
Just watched When In Rome love that movie soo funny,positive
Edge Of Darkness Two Thumbs Up... lanjutt WhiteOut !!!,positive
"Just seen Dear John. Other than being an emotional wreck, it was stunning! The new Notebook?",positive
went to Olive Garden then the movies.we saw The Edge of Darkness-it was good,positive
"got a shwack of movies, watching The Tooth Fairy, its pretty good!",positive
Just saw Legion. No truth about God or Angels in it. Just a good story.,positive
"ok, i'm tired. btw, movie was cool, valentine's day... omg the phone sex scenes just kill me... so hilarious...",positive
"Just saw 'Valentine's Day' :) It's a good movie, I recommend it XD",positive
Shutter island was awesome!!,positive
Just saw Shutter Island... it was awesome. :) Plans for tonight.. dye Easter Eggs... I know it's late but oh well. :),positive
"watching legally blonde....went to go see Legion last night, pretty good movie",positive
"@username thanks for Cop Out! Reminded me of when my Dad took me to see Another 48 Hours, def one of our daughter-dad bonding moments",positive
"Really liked Shutter Island. Discussed it the whole walk home. Not sure I know what happened, but enjoyed it a lot. @username",positive
"Saw shutter island.  Worth seeing, but doesn't live up to hype.",positive
juust saw cop out = ) was good ^^ rofl power went of during the moviee :O haha ppl were so pissed xP,positive
"Date night last night. Went to see &quot;How to Train Your Dragon.&quot;  Cute , fun movie.  Cute and fun date, too! ~",positive
oh yeah Back Up Plan was good...   a little extra but good  ....  jlo plays those parts huntay....,positive
@username I've heard its a really good movie. #Wolfman,positive
@username ruined shutter island for me- but it was still good,positive
"Just got back from seeing Alice in Wonderland with the Stoneys, thought it was rather good! =)",positive
"@username Seen Shutter Island, liked it. Very throwback to Hitchcock, even the music. Leo good.  Scorcese a master of the art of film.",positive
#Legion was a pretty good movie. The story line is good...but the ending couldve been better.,positive
Is slightly syked for Death at a Funeral...it looks so good! :-),positive
@username  Death at a Funeral was funny. Shutter Island = awesome.  never seen the other ones.  :],positive
"@username NO! IronMan2 is a little bit much for a 2 year old. Go see &quot;How to Train Your Dragon&quot; Good Animated film, I enjoyed it w/ kids",positive
"Just watched extraordinary measures! I love movie, based on true events. Turning point giving is not an option. Hope for the best!! ♥",positive
Just saw Legion Really Entertaining Apocalypse Stuff,positive
RT @username : Shutter Island I hear is nuts x &lt; i soo wanna see that looks good!,positive
"When in Rome: very cute, very funny and amazing. Go see it. It's totally cute. But a little bad if you're single.",positive
Watched Dear John again for the second time. &lt;3 I really love this movie &amp; @username. Hihihi.,positive
"RT @username: @username &quot;Valentine's Day&quot;, if you haven't seen it. Its good lmao..ahahahah!!! U like that movie???",positive
@username Date Night is the best movie I've seen all year. Go see it :),positive
Sweet Tea vodka &amp; lemonade is bomb!! Aum!! Go watch How To Train Your Dragon. Trust me. You'll love it!!,positive
@username cop out was hilarious. I was gonna see alice 3D IMAX after. It said 12.. da bitch at da counter said 12:40.. I was like fuk dat.,positive
Alice In Wonderland was alright. Not sure why so many people slated it...,positive
SHE'S OUT OF MY LEAGUE IS a GREAT MOVIE... I ;LAUGHED OUT LOUD!,positive
"When in Rome was cute. A little cheesy at times, but funny. I liked it :)",positive
"FROM PARIS WITH LOVE is watchable (6/10) trigger-happy hero never gets shot, EVERYBODY'S FINE is cool, DeNiro always a gr8 actor (6.5/10)",positive
"Just watched &quot;The Book of Eli&quot;.  Ok, Joseph that was a good flick.",positive
"*I saw when in rome yesterday suppa cute movie #mustsee niqhtmare on elm st. , bounty hounter, twiliqht saqa, toy story 3(memories)&amp; alice",positive
"had date nite lastnite &amp; if u haven't seen Cop Out, umm u need 2. it was so funny my sides hurt from laughing.",positive
"Went 2go see Alice In Wonderland again,with my bros this time though. I still love every single bit of it! Jake liked it just as much as me!",positive
Just got back from watching dear John...loved it!!!!,positive
Shutter Island was awesome! One of the better movies I have seen in a long time :),positive
I wanna go see how to train your dragon again who wants to go with me? I am looking at you @username,positive
"Finally got to see Alice in Wonderland!  Marvelous.  Saw it in plain ol' 2 dimensions, but we could tell it would have been amazing in 3.",positive
RT @username Just saw The Book of Eli. Found it very spiritual and thought provoking.,positive
Alice in Wonderland was good. Hanging out with my best friend all day was better. Out for a couple of beers now.,positive
"Were in a vegan restaurant in Scheveningen, it was very! tasty,varied &amp; healthy. After that we saw Alice in Wonderland movie, was great 2.",positive
I think everyone need to watch Our family wedding. Because that movie is so funny,positive
To Save A Life - very well-done flick! www.tosavealifemovie.com,positive
"@username How about Shutter Island? That was pretty awesome, nice twist late on ;)",positive
I'm not a fan of scary movies but The Crazies was a great movie! It was magnificently directed!,positive
@username Alice in Wonderland is not boring,positive
I want to watch The Last Song again.,positive
Our Family Wedding is a funny ass movie!,positive
&quot;Valentine's Day&quot; is great!    i love the movie,positive
I finally got to see clash of the titans on 3D. Laura and I both liked it a lot. Waiting for &quot;kick-ass&quot; woot,positive
"went and saw When In Rome today,good stuff.got hair care treatments and a bunch of random things i forget any other time i go to get them",positive
Seeing valentine's day. so stoked,positive
Watching #Legion now. Love me some religious apocalpse. Liked how Christoper Walkin's Gabriel couldn't drive in #Prophecy. #movies,positive
"valentine's day is such a cute movie, loove bradley cooper and eric dane haha so funny",positive
Just watched Alice in Wonderland! Was very Interesting indeed! Now chilling with @username. Perry 's is in the house ye-ahhh!,positive
"Just watched Wolfman, fantastic acting and some good winks to other werewolf movies.",positive
Thinks everyone should go see Shutter Island for a trip! Pong downstairs,positive
saw the book of eli tonight amazing movie i highly recommend it #fb,positive
Saw How to Train Your Dragon with the fam today. Good movie. I didn't know Vikings sounded like they were from Scotland? Hmm?,positive
@username I loved it. Only because I've liked Alice in wonderland the book and all that. See in it in IMAX 3D.,positive
"@username I watched agian Alice in Wonderland today for the second time and it's getting even better,lol!little disappointed w/ Dear John",positive
"RT @username: Lots of people are putting a lot of pressure on my tweet about Shutter Island.  I liked it okay, but please don't sell your child to see it.",positive
"we are going to watch legion,spy next door i never liked legion but cindy keeps forcing me to watch i only want to watch spy next door only.",positive
She's Out of my league. Pretty good movie so far..,positive
"@username: Valentine's Day was pretty funny, Kyle told me that i was going to like it coz he'd seen it twice. Another show for the boys...",positive
"If y'all haven't seen it, go see #Wolfman!! That was a hot movie! Never a dull moment!",positive
Movies|#BookofEli &amp;#Legion 2 gud#movies if u know ur#Bible mus see:-0,positive
Just done watching wolfman. It's not as bad as what people said. It's actually pretty good!,positive
in the cinema to see Valentine's Day!! with my mom!!! she's the best ever! finally SOMEONE to see it with me! I'm soo excited!,positive
@username Our youth group rented out a theater tonight to watch &quot;To Save a Life.&quot; It was so good! See it!,positive
"Liked Scorsese's &quot;Shutter Island&quot; way more than expected. Camera, music + setting reproduce perfectly the mood of 50s suspense cinema.",positive
Just saw &quot;Our Family Wedding&quot; with the siS @username it was a nice movie,positive
just got home from watching &quot;book of eli&quot;! very interesting movie... denzel washington always gets thumbs up from me! so not sleepy...,positive
Just watched Dear John again and I'm still thinking that it's one of the more beautiful movies I've ever saw.,positive
"just watched edge of darkness, it was alright.",positive
Tha Tooth Fairy w/tha Rock iz a pretty good movie 2 take ur kid or kidz 2 c,positive
Shutter Island really made me think. Night time!,positive
Sweet victory on Shutter Island!,positive
If want to see a good movie this valentines go see wolfman. #wolfman #valentines,positive
"If you haven't seen The Book of Eli yet, do it.",positive
This movie has some funny parts in it! (Death at a funeral),positive
"Went and saw When In Rome with Haley on Monday, and it was sooo good! We are still laughing about it. If you haven't seen it you need too :]",positive
alice in wonderland was a pretty cool movie,positive
Alice in Wonderland is pretty cool. Does remind me some what of the cartoon version by Disney.,positive
@username I enjoyed Alice in Wonderland but I don't think its suitable for kids. The monsters are kind of scary.,positive
saw wolfman today! was amazing.. then went to olive garden for lunch.. yummy yummy good for my tummy!,positive
Saw Shutter Island at the movies. Excellent intense script. Highly  recommend,positive
"TGI's then FINALLY going to see Alice in Wonderland. So excited! Any nay-sayers please hold comments, don't want to hear it fuckers!!!",positive
"Just has watched from paris with love, it's awesme guys ! How cool john travolta he is !",positive
Watched &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot; with Baby :) It was quite okay.,positive
I was yesterday in the citey with C&amp;S ♥ and then we saw Valentine's day with @username! It was amazing!!,positive
&quot;the book of Eli&quot; is a great post-apokalyptical movie with Denzel Washington.What is this mysterious book?Watch and find out;),positive
just saw when in rome its a real cute movie,positive
Clash of the Titans was REALLY good..really cool only I know the story already lmao.. and they took mucho artistic license..BUT it was still,positive
When in Rome was pretty good! Hope to see @username tomorrow! @username,positive
"I saw Date NIght tonight with my family, lol it was a really funny movie!",positive
"Alice in Wonderland again?  Sounds good! Woo, I get another pair of 3d glasses :D",positive
Date night was one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time! Haha,positive
RT @username: Alice in Wonderland was so great! Haha. :),positive
off again today. eye is getting better. watching shutter island.. heard good things,positive
Shutter Island is one compelling mind-trip; not to everyone's taste but it is quite haunting ... and disturbing. Watch for our review soon,positive
We actually found an evening to sneak away and see Tim Burton's 3D version of Alice in Wonderland - love me some crooked art direction!,positive
Just left the theater Book of Eli was the best movie ever,positive
Off to see the very manly Alice In Wonderland. Green Zone? Shutter Island? Pshhhhhh.,positive
@username i went to go and see the book of eli... very good,positive
Shutter island is so Cool..,positive
"Have you seen &quot;Up in the air&quot;? It's a great movie! &quot;Nine&quot; i liked but is a little  &quot;weak&quot;, &quot;Edge of Darkness&quot; is perfect!",positive
Legion is such an AWESOME movie! :),positive
"Alice in Wonderland was... wonderful. Not worth the extra money for 3d though, see it in good ol' 2d imho.",positive
Just read a tweet that said &quot;Shutter Island grossed 40 M. Must be good. Guess i'll see it.&quot; Really? That's your criteria?,positive
Go see from Paris with love....TRUST!!! I'll refund your money if u don't like it...,positive
Shutter Island - Good. 3/5. But expected bettter.,positive
"Saw Alice in Wonderland.  I enjoyed it, but it was no where near the likes of Avatar.",positive
DEAR JOHN WAS......................OKAY :),positive
I'm excited to watch How to Train Your Dragon tonight with someone very cute!,positive
"Just saw alice in wonderland, loved it:)",positive
Just watched The Bounty Hunter... Some parts of the movie was dragging but their love story was kinda fun. So it's alright for me... hehe =),positive
"Saw When in Rome tonight, not a bad flick, actually kinda funny!",positive
`Shutter Island' stays afloat at No. 1 with $22.2M      (AP) http://bit.ly/b6y2dl,positive
Gave The Bounty Hunter 3.5 stars out of 5: http://LOVEFiLM.com/r/QRCIvSM,positive
Shutter Island is WOW,positive
RT @username: Alice in Wonderland must be watched if only for the exquisite costume design. Her lavish gowns are to die for. Want to sew one for Oct 31.,positive
"After dinner with an old friend, saw The Bounty Hunter. Surprisingly entertaining.",positive
Valentine's Day was pretty good. It was great how everyone connected in the story buy it was sooo predictable. It was good anyways(:,positive
"Sitting down in the cinema to watch From Paris With Love, John Travolta looks bad ass in this movie! Awesome night tonight :)",positive
Watching Travolta in &quot;From Paris with Love&quot; love his acting!!!,positive
Okay Clash of the Titans was a really good movie!,positive
Death at a Funeral was hilarious. Loser didn't want to watch Iron Man 2.,positive
i wanna see Shutter Island today &quot;) tht movie is gonna b so bomb!,positive
"Tha movie &quot;The Crazies&quot; was good as fuck just saw it, i give it 2 thumbs up",positive
@username u should go see tht or clash of the titans,positive
@username  I was watching shutter island @ the movies. Girl that movie was good!,positive
CLASH OF THE TITANS WAS RAD!,positive
When in Rome was a good movie (y) (:,positive
I wanna see the book of Eli everybody is talking about it lol,positive
"Legion is a great film, watched it last night. Also Dead man running, great brit gangsta film. Watching The Box and Sherlock Holmes tonight",positive
just in from Shutter Island.  Good flick.  Concentration Camp scenes made me physically sick. still feeling pretty gross.,positive
Shutter Island is wicked! Not as scary as i expected but kept you thinkin all the way through. Leo was very good. 8/10,positive
Just saw &quot;Cop Out.&quot; Very funny movie. Bruce Willis is as cool as ever. Great 2 c Adam Brody finally get a good role. I give it 8 out of 10.,positive
Just saw Valentine's Day and....I LAUGHED MY ASS OFF!!! HAHAHA Incredibly awesome!,positive
Watching from Paris with love. This shit is crazy.,positive
"@username if Shutter Island is that good, I might have to check it out sometime",positive
Shutter Island #thumbsup Hope none of you are pullin Leo Caprio lifestyles!,positive
"@username I saw Valentine's Day last night. It was cute &amp; funny, then again, I only paid $5 to see it.",positive
How to Train Your Dragon: Awesome.,positive
Shutter Island was simply brilliant and amazing! just wow!,positive
"Just saw Alice in Wonderland 3D (loved it!) and got lost down the rabbit hole of Target. *shakes fist* Damn you, Target! I &lt;3 you so hard!",positive
@username edge of darkness. It was good,positive
観㝟㝄㝞ー＝ RT @username: I saw Alice in Wonderland. It was soooo good!!! -Britney,positive
"i want to watch &quot;dear john&quot; again, lmao.",positive
I quite enjoyed Alice in Wonderland.,positive
"Edge Of Darkness is a typical Mel Gibson movie. He is a cop, he's packing a gun and he is P.I.S.S.E.D. A pretty badass movie.",positive
@username Hey Paula! Have you seen any movies recently? :) I saw &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; and it was amazing! Love you! xoxo,positive
"Just watched Bounty Hunter, laughed my ass off.",positive
Just finished watching 'From Paris with Love' ... I highly recommend making the time to see it.,positive
"The Book Of Eli was actually a pretty sweet movie, especially for Denzel Washington.",positive
the book of eli is a very good movie..,positive
just saw &quot;valentine's day.&quot; it was cute &lt;3,positive
@username How to train your dragon. Come on it'll be fun.,positive
Shutter island was good. Now time to cook up some carne asada yeeeee,positive
"Wow....the movie was amazing! Every youth group or even high school student should see this! Check it out, it's called &quot;To Save a Life.&quot;",positive
just watched Dear John it was soooooo sooo gud lol. i didnt like the endin tho,positive
Alice in Wonderland is AMAZING!,positive
"DIDNT U LUV IT? RT @username: just got in from the movies, saw Alice in wonderland which was cool now off to bed goodnight y'all xx",positive
"Goodnight all. It was a very long, yet productive day. My muscles are sore! It was fun seeing Alice in Wonderland w/my son :)",positive
"Watched shutter island yesterday, actually really liked it.",positive
I've just watched a &quot;Shutter Island&quot; - great movie.! I like it :) In few minutes I'm gonna take a shower and sleep...,positive
@username im always tweeting about alan carr !! love him &lt;3 ever see his gig &quot;tooth fairy &quot; watch it on youtube its amazing !&lt;33333,positive
To save a life is an amazing movie...made me cry.,positive
"OMG I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD GO WATCH THE SPY NEXT DOOR, ITS SO FUNNNY!",positive
"went to see how to train your dragon today in 3D, was quite impressed!",positive
"You can't beat a bit of Jackie Chan. Even with a plot that has been done so many times before, The Spy Next Door is fun because he is in it",positive
Cure for rainy Sundays = shopping + Alice in Wonderland w/ the big sis.,positive
RT @username: Shutter Island tops the box office again | http://su.pr/1IxC2b--great movie!,positive
"Now I am home after a night of movie, I saw &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot;... And you know what?? It was amazing!!! :))",positive
&quot;The Ghost Writer&quot; was a pretty good political thriller. Olivia Williams was a stand out in an excellent cast.,positive
Royal Carribean was equisite tonight!! Watching Cop Out good to see Tracey Morgan back in action.,positive
"Shutter Island seems like the awesomest movie of 2010. - Just saying. It’s twisted, dark and creepy. I am... http://tumblr.com/xwa6x64um",positive
"totally loved how to train your dragon, it was immense. 3D glasses don't half give you a headache though!",positive
"Nearly empty when I saw Cop Out - me, my fiance, a guy and one of the theatre employees. But we all laughed our f'ing asses off.",positive
Woo! I just watched #Legion with my family and it was such an AMAZING movie!,positive
Saw Date Night with Brittni! That movie was hilarious! We'll be quoting that movie so much at work now. Lol.,positive
"EVERYONE: WATCH DATE NIGHT! IT'S SO DAMN HILARIOUS! I LOVED IT! :D GO TINA, GO STEVE! :D ♥ LOVE THIS MOVIE!",positive
how to train your dragon is quite genuinely wonderful. go see it if you haven't already.,positive
"Just saw Alice in Wonderland in 3D. I liked it, but hope the headache I now have is just a coincidence.",positive
Just saw The Ghost Writer. 9 / 10.,positive
I just voted &quot;Alice In Wonderland&quot; on &quot;best movie for 09/10&quot; Vote now: http://bit.ly/cUMLEO,positive
@username I never saw the Craziest.  But Shutter Island was extra decent.,positive
Edge of Darkness - Mel Gibson can certainly still tear it up.,positive
Morning @username did u go see tha movie shutter island? It was long but real good I must say,positive
"Saw 'From Paris With Love' today, amazing!",positive
"Ghost Writer was a pretty good movie.  Much more thinking than in a normal movie, we had to talk it out on the way home.",positive
"&quot;To Save A Life&quot; again with Tim, Ed, Greg.This is a MUST SEE for teens, parents, heck everyone! Get to Tri-County while it's still there!",positive
Really enjoyed Shutter Island...,positive
Alice in Wonderland in 3D was amazing. Such cool messages &amp; mesmerizing to watch. Made me wish I was a young british girl.,positive
back homeeee..... went to see the &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot; lol yeh... I know... was only $5 but pretty cool... what did I miss??,positive
Book of Eli was amazing. Seriously.,positive
The Book of Eli is beautiful go see it!! On my way to Glounge now..,positive
@username alice in wonderland was good if u sit in twds the front. plus the movie couldve been longer.there was some content thats not disney,positive
saw shutter island last night and i enjoyed it i love movies with twist and turns,positive
@username u and riley will really enjoy the tooth fairy me and my daughter liked tht movies also was cute,positive
"@username yeah, a little bit. Dear John is awesome.",positive
"Just saw Ghost Writer, new Polanski flick, at The Esquire. Big thumbs up!",positive
Just Watched The Preacher's Kid Staring @username &amp; @username That Movie Is Good :) &amp; Guest Appreance In The Movie Was @username:),positive
I just saw edge of darkness with mel gibson good movie but the ending SUCK BALLS!,positive
Cop Out was fuckin dope!!! yall should see that movie. havent seen a movie that funny in a looonnggg time!guarantee youll laugh ur ass off!,positive
Me too! RT @username so i'm wondering if the people that didnt like iron man 2 watched the same version i did. Because it was fun! :),positive
she's out of my league is tooo funny,positive
@username h i just saw alice in wonderland today! lol it was aight!,positive
Just saw...How To Train Your Dragon...awesome movie! A must see!!!,positive
"@username I enjoyed Alice in Wonderland. If you can, definitely see it in 3D.",positive
Just saw She's Out Of My League. It was HIlarious!!!,positive
Ghost Writer: excellent film. Worthy of a watch. Great to see that great film can emerge from mainly cinematic mediocrity.,positive
Want a sneak peek at the movie that beat Avatar at the US box office? Dear John (by the writer of The Notebook) http://bit.ly/djYjEM,positive
RT @username: Alice in Wonderland.  I like the Tim Burton's best.  Which do you like? Answer for a $100 fandango gift card: http://tinyurl.com/ykcx6me,positive
"I just got home from the movies and saw Cop Out. It was ok, I would of prefered She's Out Of My League but I didn't get out of work til 9:30",positive
"@username You saw the Wolfman, just got back, great tribute to the original classic!",positive
I really enjoyed Alice In Wonderland. Refreshing to see a movie where a girl is the hero &amp; takes charge of her future. #goodforthekiddies,positive
"@username Movie thursday, I'm leaning toward Alice in Wonderland,but ur choice since I pick Avtar last time.",positive
Watching cop out and it is hilarious!!!,positive
"This looks like it will be a good movie, check it out.   The Book of Eli http://bit.ly/6B2AW1",positive
"Just saw Alice in Wonderland. Loved it. Loved the costume design, loved the dialogue, &amp; still love JOHNNY DEPP! mmm I miss him.",positive
DEAR JOHN IS THE BESTEST MOVIE IVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME. Me and @username had a cry fest while watching it xD,positive
"Just got back from seeing Shutter Island. Amazing job Scorsese, as always",positive
At the movies with my babygirl... the tooth fairy..its cute,positive
"@username you should watch it babe! its nt fantastic but still, its alice in wonderland!",positive
i would like to watch Dear John againnnn. Please and thank you!,positive
"Right Wing Movie Review: How to Train Your Dragon, Anti-Amer: Lovable kids film, or liberal elitist plot to brainw... http://bit.ly/9g4LvT",positive
Just seen The Book of Eli. Great narrative. Great visual asthetic. Great film.,positive
Alice in Wonderland was actually better than I thought it would be !,positive
Good to know its on my list! RT @username: The movie called date night was hilarious. Loved it,positive
Just saw Alice in Wonderland!! WOW! way imnpressed with the new 3D. No headache at all!,positive
@username Death At A Funeral is fucking hilarious fam,positive
RT @username The Book of Eli was such a great movie!------2nd time seeing it and I still loved it!,positive
RT @username: Has anyone seen Bounty Hunter? last night I saw She's out of my league. It was pretty crazy... funny. I still wanna see Alice in Wonderland!,positive
There goes another night of undisturbed sleeping. I have no idea how to fall asleep now. Really am just blown away by Shutter Island.,positive
&quot;when in rome&quot; the movie is suchhhhh a goooodd movie!!! Its a must see!!! :),positive
"[DAILY MIRROR]: Shutter film makes waves with debut: Leonardo DiCaprio's new movie, Shutter Island, has topped the... http://bit.ly/bkPRjJ",positive
Just got back from the cinema with the kids im babysitting.. Watched Bounty Hunter...Good film :),positive
"@username tbh at the end of the day its about opinion, only if its really appalling like &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot; or &quot;Transformers 2&quot;",positive
New Favorite Movie EVER: The Last Song ♥,positive
@username #sidenote &quot;Our Family Wedding&quot; HILARIOUS! Laughed from beginnin to end and I haven't done that in a movie in a while!,positive
"Dear, &quot;Dear John,&quot; you're making me cry like a hormonal adolescent. Stop it, okay? Thanks.",positive
I'm still thinking about &quot;How to Train Your Dragon.&quot; Go see it.,positive
@username THE BOUNTY HUNTER! :D must watch must watch must watch.,positive
"Oh yea...&quot;Death at A Funeral&quot; is funny as hell...movie full of funny, dumb muthafuckas",positive
Just saw Shutter Island....dope.....cant wrong with scorsese and dicaprio,positive
"Saw &quot;Ghost Writer&quot; yesterday. It's obviously a very good, very well-made film, but I'm not sure whether I enjoyed it that much.",positive
i FINALLY finished that damn movie shutter island &amp; i must say it def qets a 5/5 starts :D that shit was GOOD,positive
Went to see &quot;The Ghost Writer&quot;...solid A movie...and Polanski's last pre-prison flick...#nolilwayne.,positive
Want a fun valentine/love movie? Go see &quot;When in Rome&quot; totally cute and silly.,positive
From Paris with love !! Another Travolta Art !! Amazing !,positive
"Seeing She's Out of My League again, because I love it that much :)",positive
@username I saw Cop Out on Saturday and laughed almost the entire movie!,positive
The movie Edge of Darkness was amazing!,positive
Alice In Wonderland is an amazing movie:) Johnny Deep's character is so funny:) his expressions very funny:)keep laughing non-stop:),positive
Watching 'Legion' (good flic) till I'm knocked... Goodnight ,positive
The Tooth Fairy is actually a very nice movie.........if you're 11,positive
Just saw &quot;Shutter Island&quot; again. I love it even more the second time.,positive
"This movie is a trip, if u haven't seen book of eli ....see it.",positive
"@username Shutter ISland was fantastic. Let me guess, some people said 'it wasn't even scary!'",positive
went to see alice in wonderland tonight.. verdict: average. very very overated,negative
Just watched Legion!!!!not  up to much:-(,negative
chilled out Sunday. Saw wolfman. Boringly scary. Ate at New York New York. It wasn't the same! :(,negative
Film review: Dear John = shite.  People who go to see Dear John = morons. No I haven't seen it.,negative
Eastgardens is the place to be;ran into @username while killing time. Now off to see The.Worst.Movie.Ever aka Valentine's Day w @username,negative
"Valentine's Day was NOT a fairytale. Haha, that was a horrible movie!",negative
saw 'Shutter Island' this weekend... and it was horrible.... but maybe because i was sleepy.. ;-),negative
"@username Smith is whining about critics seeing films for free.  It shouldn't and doesn't matter, really.  Cop Out is still awful.",negative
"I am watching Valentine's Day. This movie is really lame. However, Taylor Swift is in this stupid thing and she is attractive.",negative
"Why is it that I only seem to get free t-shirts for movies I don't like?  No ma'am, I didn't like Edge of Darkness, but the shirt was free.",negative
"Omgg marco! In my housee before u came, we were watching that. -_-&quot; RT @username: I am dreading to watch Bounty Hunter.",negative
@username nigga idgaf lmaoo dear john is wild depressing tho,negative
"(1/2) @username &quot;I kind of wish they would stop making boring shit like Dear John.&quot; Why? Make 'em all, I say. If people don't wanna go",negative
ok #FYI that movie *THE CRAZIES* suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks dick... what the fuck... ended so stupid...,negative
shutter island ....  DISAPPOINTMENT.  but  im  tough  on  movies...  it  wasn't  all  bad.. ehh  I  don't  want  to  ruin  it..  lol.,negative
"Legion: not good. Especially when half the chairs in your theater are covered with trash bags, and you just heard rumors of bedbugs. Eep.",negative
"The Book of Eli is slick boring, if it wasn't for that Denzel a nigga woulda been sleeeep",negative
"Some movies that were popular failed to impress me, wonder why - the latest in the list being 'Shutter Island'. I think I am too dumb for it",negative
HYSTERICAL! LMAO! RT @username    Watching the Back Up Plan... online... for free... and I still want my money back!!!,negative
From Paris with Love. Waste of my fcukin time!,negative
Shutter Island is a fucked up movie.,negative
"@username Even if I saw &quot;Shutter Island&quot; with free passes, I would demand my money back!",negative
Btw I saw #wolfman yesterday and it sucked,negative
"Last night I saw the Wolfman, more like the Worst, Man! The movie was worse than that joke I just made.",negative
"I'm watching that one movie Legion... &quot;I THINK IS CRAPY&quot; But my brother seems to like it.. O,.,o",negative
I have seen the worst movie ever made and it's name is &quot;dear john.&quot; my intelligence has never been more insulted...,negative
Who watched Valentine's Day? I'm gonna watch it soon. But It seems to be a fake Love Actually ...,negative
Verdict about Edge of Darkness: Two thumbs WAY down.,negative
Legion is a terrible movie and anyone who spends more than the time it takes to download it off the internet is crazy.,negative
Last night I say the movie #wolfman and to be honest I don't know if I could recomend this movie. Not what I expected!!!,negative
"I didn't enjoy Alice In Wonderland (snoozefest, literally) but I actually really like Avril Levigne's song &quot;Alice&quot; she wrote as the theme...",negative
Wolfman was...gross. I thought it was PG-13 and it was actually R. And Benico Del Toro cannot carry a movie by himself.,negative
@username What about Clash of the Titans?  I heard it sucks but.. dunno.,negative
I hated 'Edge of Darkness' &amp; 'The Wolfman'. I think i'm done with multiplex cinemas. Majority of the movies no longer appeal to me.,negative
@username max has to see Alice in wonderland for extra credit for school the movie looks too dark! He really doesn't want to see it!,negative
"So frustrated with this movie LEGION, ugh!!!!",negative
All's Well End's Well Too 2010  and Wolfman isn't a good movie!,negative
"&quot;Nothing to see here, keep moving.&quot; J.R. Jones on 'Cop Out'. Movie reviewers exist to protect us from films like that. Wow, so bad.",negative
Edge of Darkness 3/10 i want my money back!!!,negative
Dis movie legion a fool!,negative
Saw 'Ghost Writer' today. Was thoroughly confused the entire time.,negative
Just caught Clash of the Titans. Uneven. Middling. But not BAD. (@ Megabox 美嘉欢九影城) http://4sq.com/aAZ18H,negative
"Saw Alice In Wonderland yesterday. What a touching homage to Rodriguez' masterwork, SpyKids 2.",negative
Saw Alice in Wonderland last night I give it 4/10!!!,negative
"&quot;Legion&quot; looks a little over the top, but I do like Adrianne Palicki... we will see",negative
Disappointed by Legion. It was better if this flick just stayed as trailer,negative
@username can't be as bad as Book of Eli....,negative
Back from seeing edge of darkness. Bit rubbish.,negative
From Paris With Love: *** Dull average dumb action film saved by a scenery chewing Travolta.,negative
barely been on today! haha i saw Alice In Wonderland i thought it would have made more sense if they brought the first (c),negative
"I saw ''Shutter Island ''....finally. Some Shocking Scenes, wasnt what I expected.",negative
#random I'm glad I didn't go pay to see legion wack 2 infinity and beyond ugh!,negative
@username my head hurts from Shutter Island,negative
"Had a fantastic long date tonight with @username: saw H.M.S. Pinafore, had steak and ribs for dinner, and saw an awful movie (Legion).",negative
AT THE MOVIES - Flat 'Wolfman' remake doesn't live up to genre: A remake of the classic Universal monster movie of... http://bit.ly/c3HxbA,negative
"Okay: so I know this may not be a popular view, but I really didn't like Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland (and I love Tim Burton).",negative
owww and the movie #LEGION sucks balllllssss,negative
Shutter Island was a #lowblow. Not what I expected.,negative
From Paris with love is a terrible movie.. Lol,negative
"OMG, Don't go see Shutter Island! HATED IT (stumping my feet &amp; swinging my hair while rolling my eyes)...I want my money back!",negative
WOLFMAN was one of The worst movies I done see in awhile. A waste of Atlantic station trip lol,negative
RT @username: Martin Scorsese took a dump and named it Shutter Island. Voila.,negative
The Wolfman was a terrible movie,negative
"Watching the tooth fairy, its quite rubbish :)",negative
My roommate insisted we rent the original &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot; since it's a classic.  I tried to watch it once and couldn't handle it,negative
Just been to see the bounty hunter!!! Seriously @username  what were you thinking iv just paid £6.45 I want a refund please,negative
I saw Wolfman last night. What a terribly mediocre movie.,negative
Alice in wonderland wasn't so great. They shud have just done the movie about the first time she was there.....,negative
Alice in Wonderland. Fail.,negative
"since 1995 a well-known director named Martin Scorsese continues to make bad movies, Shutter Island is his latest &quot;shitepiece&quot;.",negative
Saw #legion at the movies last night. Sucked. There... I just saved you money.,negative
thsi movie Legion sucks and dk y im still watchin,negative
From Paris with love is so LAME ;/,negative
#nowwatching The Book Of Eli &lt; Even though I am a little sleepy :o( zZzZzZz...,negative
"at the movies with the kids. Tooth fairy sucks, I can hardly sit through it",negative
"Writing up a review of Legion. Sneak preview: it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Possibly the worst. Like, Transformers 2 bad.",negative
not too impressed with The Wolfman.  I all-star cast but the plot never really came together for me.,negative
Hey it's pretty much as bad as the Bounty Hunter but with slightly younger actors http://bit.ly/ar2Lvs,negative
"Wasted 2 hours of my life, saw &quot;Dear John&quot; w/ wifey n frnds, it should be &quot;DEAR LORD&quot; seriously! Dnt watch it! @username @username @username",negative
@username For sure. I was more looking for something to break up the snow days. Thank God I was saved from having to see Tooth Fairy!,negative
"Clash of the Titans. Bad remake, bad mythology. Bleh.",negative
"Uh, honestly, I want to see Clash of the Titans rather than Alice in Wonderland, because of Liam Neeson and Ralph Fiennes.",negative
"@username I thought &quot;Shutter Island&quot; was pretty crappy.  Not scary, creepy or innovative.  Mildly entertaining is my verdict.",negative
@username nooooo I beg of you don't see wolfman! It was terrible enough now I'll have to experience that pain again via Brent and cole,negative
The Book of Eli wit Denzel Washington sucked_a bunch of barbaric aka uncivilized nonsense,negative
@username I saw Legion yesterday. It sucked :( No plot and no angels in trench coats xD,negative
@username I heard about Dear John... Kind of glad I didn't waste $9.25!,negative
@username nope.. Legion sucks . Not even worth an illegal download,negative
Saw Shutter Island yesterday. That's two hours of my life I'll never get back.  #martyhasreallygoneofftheboil,negative
Lmao we saw when in rome and drew and I got bored so we snuck out and went shopping and got back right on time &amp; nobody even noticed Ü___Ü,negative
