tweet,class
Woot woot! A- in math exam! :D,positive
Celebs & tots soaking up the sun! ~http  Soon U wont need 2 B on vaca 4 sunshine! Summer shopping here: ~http,positive
Happy Birthdayy @user! I hope you have an amazing birthday c:,positive
Now packing for Baltimore.....What should I see?  Hoping for divine direction at this adult weight mgmt training.  For me and my pts! :o),positive
My Lifesaver! ~http  #hipstamatic,positive
#FF @user for his lovely mutt pics  @user for his wit and tea making and @user coz.,positive
Those new Nike Air Mags are cool....not my style though.,positive
We won the EtsyKids Team Design Challenge-Thank You! Thank You! ~http,positive
Happy New Year everyone! xoxo,positive
Walking around in a bikini such a nice day,positive
"I just played ""Rockem Blocks"" and scored: 9690 (ranked 20736th overall)! Beat it: ~http  #fun140",positive
Watching Barry Hilton 'live' at a Gala event..!! This guy is funny....lol ~http,positive
Started my job today...its cool...s/n happy bday to my cuz @user ... luv u cuz...,positive
Miami florida palm trees and all I love it here,positive
Just launched my new website!!! I'm so excited!  Check us out at ~http  Thank you @user.  You rock!,positive
The hilton hcr is a great place. Can't figure how u would have a bad time there.,positive
I liked a @user video ~http  The Nike MAG,positive
the Nike Training app is THE TRUTH! --i may never step foot in a gym again,positive
Love; love; love @user!!!!!!,positive
Nice #bookswithalettermissing. We've got HOW TO FEEL GOO. (~http  RT @user @user C.S. Lewis's THE SILVER HAIR,positive
I am officially addicted to rockband 2 on the nintendo wii!  Today was fun :),positive
I love next to you love it so much @user,positive
Argh!! Chance has a new Audi convertible! Scored a ride home tonight LOL xD,positive
I liked a @user video ~http  Nyan Cat [Navi Hey Remix],positive
Damn I cant wait 2 see @user that was my fav movie as a jit....I still know all the lines till this day lol,positive
Watchin' Nike Hoop Summit #USA is rockin',positive
The Muppets performing Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody. So funny!! ~http,positive
Hi shiny new macbook and microsoft office profesh...we're going to be very happy together ~http,positive
Dads wedding today at the hilton house hotel can't wait ;) &lt;3,positive
YEAH My boy Tyler !!,positive
If you missed our news! Well we now have a B&M Stockist who we are so excited to have with us! For Queenslanders... ~http,positive
I want you to take over control!! -- that beats is HOT ASS FUK!,positive
Great wine tasting run by @user now home with the spoils-an amazing; elegant st-aubin 1er cru. What about you @user?,positive
I am the proud new owner of the Samsung Impression!,positive
Gotta admit I like hangin wit cuz!!,positive
Dinner and vino with wonderful frands :),positive
I WANT THEM!!! RT “@~http  Nike Air Mag AKA the Back to the Future Shoes Are Real; and They're Glorious - @user ~http,positive
My bebeee @user just spent $100 on me! New nike air maxes! Helllooooooo! :) I LOVE HIM!,positive
What an awesome team!! Congratulations Langports on getting through to the semi-finals at the English Australia... ~http,positive
FOLLOW ---&gt; @user IF YOUR A TRUE BELIEBER YOU WILL FOLLOW HER :) HURRRYYY SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK &lt;3,positive
Last night I got to meet the very funny and talented @user after 'Comedy Congress'. Thanks again Aisha! ~http,positive
Just received some very nice compliments from one of the big bosses when talking about me leaving for new job.,positive
so; @user; it's safe to say that my quite fantastic ex-coworker; @user; is a new fan of yours :),positive
Finally got Microsoft on my mac for free thanks to my lovely sister!,positive
tonight! 8 and 9:30! tickets are $1 and you're going to laugh your you know what off!,positive
At the Adidas store for this foosball competition. Nice!,positive
hey @user I just viewed 2012 Adidas & Ashworth; it looks pretty solid!  How is it selling this season so far?,positive
Surprise Bday party for @user awww you thought we weren't gonna do anything for you day hehehe #sucker!,positive
The Microsoft crew are in the office! A team of about 10!! It's like a Hollywood set in here :),positive
cream crackers and cheese.. yummy #moretweetsaboutfood,positive
Nothing sounds better than Hilton Head Island right about now.  #ohcarolina,positive
#teamladiphat I love you guys.,positive
At the Silver Clef Awards. Richard Connell at Sony - upmost respect for a wonderful speech.,positive
well mr sun; it was nice to see you today! welcome back rain cloud; my dear friend..,positive
“@MoreThanWordArt: @user @user thanks 2 you lovely ladies for recommending another new customer :) x” Yup; It's all ur fault!,positive
"Hooray for engrish. About to watch ""The Farty Wife"".",positive
wants to say congratulations to my best friend Katie Ashcroft's mam for finding out that shes having a baby boy which is due in Decemeber !x,positive
congratulations to Daniel Salif for winning the signed Manuel Almunia Nike Gloves.,positive
I turned in my app to be a TNT Mentor for the Fall Season.  NIKE Women's Marathong here I come! New fundraising goal of $3300.  GO TEAM,positive
August 13 is going a long; busy; yet exciting day!!!!!! I'm ready!!! Super excited!!,positive
I'm soo happy,positive
Best Pre-Event Prayer Ever - Bing Videos: ~http  via @user,positive
“@TheSteffieKayy: @user @user  We looove Gucci Man! We Looove @user!!!!!!” hell yeah!,positive
Had a great day working with the womens NIKE team!  Amazing Athletes from the States!,positive
Sunday is my favorite day of the week :-),positive
"Coming to the Zilleville already?? Congrats on the new job ""@TRHumanist: #DearFutureHusband I'm coming home...!!!""",positive
Saturday Night is gonna b hella fun! you know you wanna b there 2 scream your lungs out and show your &lt;3 4 #MurderDrome ~http,positive
Sobber until the weekend of my Bday ohh yeaa gonb off these papers shit gonna get real!,positive
Last night tonight at the Dalaman Hilton in Turkey; fabulous resort - and the best kids club we have ever seen !! We will be returning....,positive
Jaminn in the car :),positive
Doing a puzzle with my aunt nd mom having lots of fun!!!!,positive
My Samsung Wave is back ... missing it for a very long time ...,positive
"""A hot dog at the ball park is better than steak at the Ritz."" - Humphrey Bogart #food #baseball",positive
Pretty pumped about becoming a political genius from this semester.#determined,positive
This would be why I'm moving. I can't even look or talk to you anymore. I cannot stand you...,negative
screw u xbox live: Microsoft really knows how to rub some people up the wrong way. This week; my frie.. ~http,negative
Perez Hilton is possibly the most annoying cunt ever.,negative
You know what happens when you go lookin for SHIT; you find it!,negative
Dave Bing talking abt a bunch of nothing,negative
gutted the sound on the videos i took on my phone last night is crap :( should've taken my good sony ericsson instead of the wee samsung,negative
Headache; heart burn and I think I have a fever.. Awesome labor day weekend,negative
I've been on hold for 10 minutes ; wtf !,negative
He got enuff grease n his hair to host a fish fry.,negative
ARGH! Was sold a counterfeit Nintendo DS game on ebay. Seriously shoddy imitation too. Reported to nintendo and OFT,negative
Paris Hilton got 1 million dollars to party in Cannes?? This is sick; hello LONDON are you there?,negative
Got stoned and forgot my dress! Fuck!,negative
Best Buy Labtops Don't Come With Microsoft Software. Fuck Kinda Shit Is That?!,negative
wants to know why the weekends seem to go by so quickly!!  :(,negative
spots make me feel like shit grrrr :(,negative
that dame nike is pissin lebron off,negative
Waiting for all these people 2pay w/their stupid food stamps @user. Com'On people I just want a bottle of vodka let me go first!,negative
It's a shame all my devices need passwords. I remember when it was impossible to lock a phone.,negative
The AB contour belt...to make lazy people. lazier.,negative
watching a movie with really bad acting. #whyy,negative
Dear iPod I'm lost w/o you. please come out from wherever ur hiding. I promise not to drop you when I run anymore.,negative
twitter is not so fun;it only works well if ur a celebrity...maybe i should be the next perez hilton hmmm tsk tsk tsk....,negative
"""@OMGYouTeen: To the girls in class with that dumb baby voice; SHUT THE FU*= UP!"" Unfortunately; it often continues through adulthood -__-",negative
#talkshitgethit,negative
damnit missed 11:11 2 times in a row -;-,negative
This is the worst news I've heard in a while... Verizon Reportedly Won’t Sell the Samsung Galaxy S II. ~http,negative
Is the weather in London utterly foul today as here?,negative
About to thro the freaken nintendo ds out the window!! It's driving me insane!!!!!,negative
Who tf did willo smith hair not kute,negative
Went to gamestop and the employee there tells me they received posters from b members about another sony hack? Really? So stupid dumb kids,negative
• oh damn thats unfortunate o_O,negative
Oh wow;  an Arcade Fire song that I don't like. Never thought I'd find one.,negative
is a dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb girl.,negative
I've got rope burn from the giraffe fishing rod. And the batteries for the remote control have fallen out.,negative
save me from this crap,negative
have my bangs down; they look dumb tho,negative
So I get spammed by the u of m about all this #bs and I don't get an email about tuition being due!,negative
Can be bothered with brekky to cold! And my back hurts :(,negative
awww wish there was a boxing day sales on #adventvega and Samsung #NexusS :o),negative
Still in pain! =( Ughhh all I want is some oreo ice cream and my babe!,negative
We are packing to move and walking through our house in the dark is like being on Double Dare. #notgraceful,negative
So fed up of my landlord an estate agent thinking that just because I'm a stuffy they can pull wool Over my eyes.  #landlordhell,negative
Feeling lower than low. Why can i never keep a relationship past 3 months?,negative
worried about a possible gum infection.,negative
Came to a conclusion; bing isn't wack just dnt have people down to drink anymore like the old days,negative
I'm finna get me another wired black xbox controller tmrw. Hopefully it's no slow. :(,negative
My microsoft word froze and I was more than halfway done with my last lab....im so pissed :(,negative
Hate my samsung galaxy fone with all ny heart.,negative
I'm actually so annoyed at the Sims people - they screw up the game; twice; and then don't respond wen I ask for help because its messed up?,negative
Just Got My 'Save The Date' Breaking Dawn Shirt! :DD,positive
Living life with no regrets ,positive
i &lt;3 shopping ;) i &lt;3 Paris ;) i &lt;3 everythiiiing ;),positive
"New BLACK Audi A3 S Line delivered to Ashby de la Zouch just now: ""Hi Ling Car has arrived. You're right about the gangsta look! Lovely""",positive
Everyone give a big welcome to our new intern; Natalie Pike! She just graduated from Purdue with a B.A. in Mass... ~http,positive
Brand new AUDI R8 GT looks awesome! Dang cant wait to drive it haha. I wish!,positive
I love my roomies @user @user and @user &lt;3 :-),positive
so is loving these Nike Heels :D they killah as,positive
Also; for all of you who haven't already started enjoying it; #WeLoveMaster is on sale now! ~http,positive
purdue just sent me a letter saying i have guaranteed acceptace and an $8000 scholarship. #alwayswinning.,positive
amazing.  thank you huntsville; AL   ~http,positive
Hahahahahahaha. RT @user Bing is getting huge; Windows Phone will soon be huge; Office/Hotmail/Skype/Windows/… (cont) ~http,positive
I liked a @user video ~http  Gucci Mane - I Don't Love Her ft. Rocko & Webbie ( Official H,positive
I love my sister! Shes buyibg us laoada of alcohol and were getting drunk on our own with the wii LOL,positive
Apparently its Onam today! Happy onam every1! May god bless u! And me too!,positive
Went fishin' today....well sorta. Mostly just watched my cousin; aunt; bro; & papa. LOL! Had fun though.,positive
Love your work!@MakeupByMario,positive
I might be too strung out on compliments; overdosed on confidence.,positive
This Samsung windows phone is dope....screen is crazy!,positive
My mum is on FB! Wooh! :),positive
Happy 15 th anyversary sony entertainment!!,positive
Whats best PsVita ( NGP ) or Nintendo 3DS? I think the PsVita because it seems realy good and the grafiks seems awsome!!!,positive
Baked Chicken Salad Cups. awesomeness from @user.  Yum!!!!  ~http,positive
Guess what?! We have a new soup :) Cream of asparagus mmmmm...get you some,positive
the first day of summer yea; go to the beach sunday cant wait:),positive
Yesterday Job : ANNETTE's Sweet17Bday - V.I.P. Nite @user .... So Nice So Exicited So Awesome ... Thanx to Frateran n Annette's Friend,positive
Checking out the upcoming Nike line and their #makeyourself campaign! It's pretty awesome! My fave kicks: ~http,positive
The meeting only lasted 15 min. Best meeting everrr,positive
Fkn texts are working againnnn!  Yes,positive
Rules of Attraction quite possibly one of the best romance novels i have ever read. i would definitely recommend it!,positive
Had a great 2 days at Microsoft Techdays 2011;London. Attended Cloud computing & Building great rich client App.....,positive
I watched Glee and thought it was the best episode since Sexy,positive
Lol my roommate just made me help her with her radio commercial... it came out pretty good! :),positive
Happy Birthday..ur a libra with a scorpio personality..I love it!!@caddykim,positive
You ain't no barbie; you work at arby's #2 super size hurry I'm starving! Lmao that Gucci Gucci song makes me lol,positive
Check out this cool fan page I found!: ~http  via @user,positive
What a week!!! Heading to Hilton head in the morning with the fam. Celebrating the new job :),positive
So excited its hard to work!,positive
First run in Nike Free sneaks...not bad,positive
Finally got to see my dogs for the first time in 13 days! #lovethem #jazziisstilldumb,positive
I love having a V6 engine....just sayin! #0to60 #fastandfurious,positive
I love catching up with my friends and hearing about how happy they are! I'm so happy for them!! #they'reinlove,positive
I bet this hotel is what heaven looks like. Go hilton suites!,positive
Lovin the new adidas commercial... First original commercial I seen in a while,positive
Off to Hilton Head to spend time with my favorite ladies!,positive
I like to listen to Gucci Mane and sing along at full volume#easilyentertained,positive
Florida's new Nike Pro Combat's are sweet this year!! ~http,positive
Had superb dinner with Kathy and Rick Hilton in their Bel Air mansion ... so  chic; so gorgeous ... pictures of home in this issue of HELLO,positive
Had a good night lastnight!,positive
Cant wait to see it during #baltimoreGP RT @user #IndyCar Big air for @user . Saw it again this weekend and it's great!,positive
THANX 4 the support! LUV the SCRUF and wild biker like look.  Looks like a sunny day.  stay safe. ~http,positive
Ayy Dallas too!!!! RT @user #memphisfact everybody bump yo gotti gucci mane and waka flocka,positive
Working! Love this job ~http,positive
Just bought a Nintendo Wii and we're about to get our game on tonight!!! Family FUN!,positive
Just Got Hom From Harrisburg; Had Fun Work With Tha Daddy & Went To See Grown Up Classic.Had A Great Time With Daddy.!,positive
has finally got microsoft works back up n running! i can finally start doing some work! woohoo! so much to do in soooo little time!,positive
just been having fun acting out a potential CBeebies character to the kids. Haven't laughed so much in an age! Writing can be fun!,positive
ur smart and sweet i love u so much !! Ur a smarty!!! Worlds best chocolate!!,positive
Almost done with my album. :),positive
Loves gifts... : ),positive
So a gorgeous hotel! (@ Palmer House Hilton Hotel w/ 2 others) ~http,positive
Just $10.00 buys a copy of Nicky and the Princess for a Special Olympian.  Help me give them a copy for Christmas!,positive
Just arrived at Mayhem Festival. Its gonna be sickkkkkkk,positive
My baby girl's first highlights on her 12th birthday.  Happy Birthday; Brooke! There's never a dull moment with you.  #fb,positive
Check out one of the built in games on the Nintendo 3DS pretty Awesome ~http,positive
omg i just had a milky bar; haven't had one since i was like 5; i'm in heaven,positive
Happy birthday @user!!!! Lots of fun and neat things ahead! #GoJesus,positive
JetSuite saved the day in Las Vegas last evening!!!,positive
Nice job today at the RISF Northeast Invitational at Icahn Stadium. Alexandre Ciric debuts in the 2k steeple with... ~http,positive
Off work; thankgod. Hopefully I can get my game on. #gamerface,positive
That is only a few of the upcoming events I worked on today. TONS of great events coming this season. Will post more details soon! :),positive
Getting Exxxxxxxxxxxxcited!!!!,positive
Club Nintendo Reversible pouch is rather nice; might get a red one too.,positive
At funnelicious for first time ever... UH-MAZING!!! #dontknowhowilivedwithoutit,positive
Dinner for tonight #yum ~http,positive
Oregon's Nike Pro Combat jerseys are sick ~http,positive
That is why Kate Winslet is amazing.,positive
Omg the gucci advert with james franco was just on....hot,positive
Two more days until the midnight showing of #eclipse sooooooooooo psyched!!!,positive
Happy; grateful and excited to be photographing 24 DoubleTree by Hilton properties in the Midwest over the next 10 weeks...,positive
I LOVE KINGSLEY!!!!!!!,positive
cool story bro!,positive
Our coach sounds like Kanye West; #WIN!,positive
Woohoo booked tickets for harry potter on friday!! Cant wait too excited ha,positive
WOW what a pretty cardigan corgi at Westminster Dog Show. Caught the cameo as well. Love the Corgis! Congrats to the Beardie too.,positive
Early Christmas at the Nike store; thanks momma. #mommasboy,positive
I &lt;3 my new Nike + GPS app! Tracks your phone so no more driving around where I ran 2 see how far I went! 7x around my block is 3 miles! #fb,positive
just ordered the sexiest nike customized trainers; ahhh &lt;3 #shoetweets,positive
u cant be mad wen u listening to gucci lol dis my nigga,positive
My favorite Sony product is _PS3_ because_it makes my life that much better_. #questionoftheday,positive
Big Fish ...Good flick,positive
LTS SYDNEY STORE; 255b Crown St; Surry Hills; 2010. Opening next week!!!! Getting closer :D,positive
Water is sooo good!!,positive
Play station phone's..OMG...amazing!! Sony Ericsson always surprises me soooooo much!!! OMG I wish I had an Xperia!!!:-DDDDD,positive
“@DeizyDoesIt: @user RT #TeamGOD I respect that homie!!!! #GodBlessBullies” yes sir he show luv and we reciprocate it,positive
These Nintendo announcements have been way more exciting for me than anything from Microsoft; Sony; or Apple,positive
on the internet...ON THE NINTENDO WII!!! awesome...i know!  --&gt; Jennette ;D,positive
Photo: This made me laugh :D ~http,positive
#ICanHonestlySay that were not perfect but were perfect for eachother #inlove,positive
First tweet from my new samsung captivate! I love love love this phone!,positive
i love ANTM,positive
CAnt wait till my nike zoom vapor flies come in,positive
Beyonce's baby is going to be the cutest thing..,positive
really good meeting with my supervisor! Lots of very exciting ideas in the pipeline!,positive
Proud to be Scottish right now!,positive
Just got my Adidas Evileye Halfrim Pro in colors shiny black/green. That looks beautiful with my bike and outfit. Thanks vd Zwaard Optiek!,positive
That's hot... Paris Hilton on Hell's Kitchen :),positive
Mane dis chicken salad is super bomb,positive
In love with her! :),positive
Thank you Adidas #allpowerful,positive
A beautiful bowral wedding could not asked for better weather and congrats to jamin and Alicia ;-),positive
At least we'd get some money back!  ~http,positive
Love love lovvvvve this#DragU,positive
"Here's a great look into @user's ""Music in Print"" photo exhibit; ft. shots from the last decade of Bluesfest! ~http",positive
Love this.... ~http,positive
Just got Halo 2 at #goodwill for 3 dollars. Just one more reason on a pile of others to shop at goodwill,positive
THESIS COMPLETE....time to celebrate like microsoft teaches us,positive
No matter where life takes me find me with a smile.,positive
Maryland's jerseys are hella nasty!! Nike &gt; Under Armour,positive
I want Nike MAG shoes so I can be as cool as Marty McFly. :D Maybe some of those Portal 2 socks too.,positive
I LOVE this song!!!!! So creative :)  ~http  ~http,positive
No I'm not lucky I'm blessed; yes.,positive
i think these are pretty cool... nike dunks made out of old skateboards ~http,positive
"""Let’s get to work; and show the world once again why the United States of America remains the greatest nation on Earth."" Pres Obama",positive
"GIVING a Big THUMBS UP to the Movie; ""All about Steve""  w/Sandra Bullock  Funny stuff -great jabs at the News Media..lol",positive
Rockin the gym in my new dri fit Nike shorts courtesy of the nordy sale. LOVE them! @user @user #sale,positive
Miner #2 on his way back to life. :D,positive
Loving these Nike ads about big butts ☺ ~http,positive
Last day working at a mall couldn't be happier! :),positive
“@InKrediBle_K_: Brownies and ice cream!!! Yuummy” Tha fuk!!!,positive
Av found it ooooooo!Thank God!,positive
Man I'm kinda glad Nintendo dropped the 3DS price; the general response at least on twitter seems to be positive.,positive
I love watching him kick ass!,positive
We're GEARED up!  Thanks to Adidas for sponsoring the football camp T-shirts this year! All appreciated... ~http,positive
Sleep with a smile on my face :),positive
Looking forward to the E3 Nintendo conference; it's gonna be great! #GTE3: ~http,positive
Scratch that...the best part.about driving a VWBug is watching 40yr old men punch each other as I drive by #iwontgrowup,positive
Silent Library; you make me laugh and feel smart.,positive
If this is true; it would be *AWESOME*---&gt; Is Nike Planning To Release Marty McFly's shoes? ~http,positive
Cisco now then home. Enjoyed lunch duty in science; spent 1 hour talking and telling little kids to go away =D,positive
I feel like Mark Zuckerberg @user watching these numbers grow on the MinuteClinic Facebook page! Free body wash: ~http,positive
Had fun last night...like good old times!,positive
Great meetings in Hilton Head with hockey and business!,positive
Today was a very eventful day.. First pizza hut and then Starbucks :) ~http  ~http,positive
Cant wait for Femme Fatale! Its still a trending topic! Literally counting down the days till the Hold it against me now msuic video!,positive
Definitely the best thing I've seen on #E3onG4 was HD quality on a new Nintendo system...welcome to the fight Nintendo,positive
Nigga just ate great wit dat food wendys be on da one,positive
I think I must've dropped/thrown/smashed my phone 538 times since last night. Samsung makes a dope phone. #stillworks #kudostoyou,positive
BuRR;) RT @user @user Nice pic with Gucci !,positive
Soo most ppls bbms r going through slow; mine was for like a hot minute then it got better. Thank God (:,positive
Guys please check out bing every day it has great pictures - ~http,positive
Dope.... He got it from Daddy n Momma... Lol RT @user Lil man got them adidas buzz lightyears ~http,positive
i love skype @user :),positive
Playing Nancy Drew OuO I love these games!,positive
Damn she can sing,positive
I've been paid 50 bucks to watch Father of the Bride; Death at a Funeral; and Dirty Dancing:),positive
Congratulations.,positive
Can't wait to show again this week!!,positive
This DWTS is so cute! Can't wait for the Latin Dances next!,positive
Lookin fresh with my new Gucci belt; laptop bag; and wallet....bought my babe a wallet too,positive
Congratulations to all of the NIKE Women's Full and Half Marathon participants! You all did great! GO Team!,positive
I just want to cry seriously so happy! Must go now; annoy all the IT lot tomorrow with my tale!:D,positive
Thank you to the lovely diners we had in over the weekend! You all made our night memorable; can't wait to see you all back again soon!,positive
"I'm in love with the NIKE ""pressure makes us"" commercial that comes on during all the US world cup games #inspiring",positive
Thank you to patient and kind #staff & #clients; we ran really smooth through the beautiful #snowday.  Hoping for safe roads tmrw!,positive
I'm standing next to nikki hilton at liv nbd!!,positive
Last night: great fun. Tad drunk. #cameraoxford #kinderbueno,positive
Very happy with new Samsung printer. Thank you; Future Shop.,positive
An unexpected gift! Definitely a better start to the day than yesterday :),positive
At the Luca Luca show at #MBFW! Raul the CD is ah-MAZING &amp; Gucci from @user created the most beautiful makeup! Can't wait 2 do a vid!,positive
i am loving to have the ability to me on meebo.com it gives me a chance to meet new people who like to talk,positive
is really looking forward to a drunken weekend with the girlies :) xxxx,positive
SO HAPPY THAT BEYONCÉ IS IN THE DICTIONARY ON MICROSOFT WORD... IT JUST SPELL CHECKED ME !,positive
Thanks for following MadMatts Promotions Tanya...hope to see you out at one of our upcoming shows! @user,positive
Loving my new Sony Bravia HD tv; picture is immense!!,positive
:-) #TheVoice was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G tonight!!!,positive
Thanks RBC!  RBC Heritage in Hilton Head fully sponsored through 2016.,positive
Fucking perez hilton I love him...he is soo funn,positive
voted more than 100 times for both @user and @user! can't wait for 7 mins!:),positive
Happy with my new Sony handycam :),positive
I'm in LOVE! I want a pair of these! I'd retire from collecting if I got a pair...| 2011 Nike MAG (Video) ~http  via @user,positive
#everygirl isn't a bitch or a hoe. Some actually have respect for themselves& carry themselves properly.,positive
Grab Rachel and drive that car to NYC!!! RT @user @user Just test drove a Corolla!! Just like you! So cute!,positive
Menlyn Was Great..!!!!! Audi 6 Baby.,positive
Gonna spend the day outdoors. Much nicer/cooler/fresher outside then in and lovin the sun/breeze! Just hope we don't catch that hurricane,positive
my shiny new samsung galaxy s2 has arrived so i will prob spend the rest of the day with my head melted trying to get the hang of using it,positive
Its officially #LeadershipSafari2K11 time!!! Welcome back bbq tonight; cant wait to see everyone,positive
I'm an old school Nintendo Mario lover! Lol RT @user Wow old school games were HARD! #3DS #Metroid,positive
I LOVE HIM :) &lt;3&lt;3,positive
The bed's at W Hotels live up to the hype. I'm falling asleep as we speak,positive
Another day. #RRB blessed,positive
Microsoft Office Labs 2019 Vision Montage ~http  When Microsoft is progressive; I giggle inside. 0:41 is PRO for merchandising.,positive
Aw treated like a princess  ~http,positive
Happy that Snell came by the office for a visit. xo,positive
"""Kat; you're hair is so full; healthy and long"" - No one; ever",positive
My friends are great,positive
Al Davis is KING,positive
Exhausting But satisfying Day..........!,positive
I admire Lex Luger so much...,positive
Finally watched the season finale of Castle...it kind of blew my mind! Can't wait for fall T.V. to start again and it's barley summer!,positive
We will ALWAYS remind you!! Congrats on bein verified!!,positive
I liked a @user video ~http  GUCCI MANE - BIRDS OF A FEATHER FT. ROCKO (PROD BY. ZAYTOVEN),positive
yay; summer ball tonight #chesterunisummerball,positive
What a great time at Kink radio Bing Lounge today. Everybody involved was wonderful!  Tomorrow night we play The Alberta Theater!,positive
Everyone desvers a second chance because everyone makes mistakes.♥,positive
I'm going to sleep so good tonight! Nightttttt&lt;3,positive
OMG so cool! I want a pair!! RT @user Hey 'Back to the Future' fans! Nike is releasing Marty McFly's Air Mag sneakers. ~http,positive
Love it!! Back to the future NIKE shoe :) The 2011 NIKE MAG - It's About Time ~http  via @user,positive
LeBron's new Nike commercial. Has to my favorite one :) ~http,positive
Boonaa Mohammed! I got stuck in the Sony Elevator with that guy. He's obviously done well for himself.,positive
Together our small voice will Unite into something BIG,positive
lmao at Chris and Masgana!! they were hilarious tryna get my booty from the JUMP the whole time smh,positive
Gonna go home shower read a few more chapters in my book then talk to baby :),positive
Made it to Albuquerque! Staying at a Red Roof Inn. Stayed at a Best Western in Bakersfield a few nights ago. We're upgrading to Hilton later,positive
I love my nike swag I have so much nike t-shirts like legit,positive
i like this olot &lt;3 ~http,positive
Video: Kreayshawn - Gucci Gucci (by kreayshawn ) LOVEE HERR TO DEATHH ~http,positive
u dont need a spray tan; you look gorgeous already Laura x (@colinratushniak live on ~http ),positive
School all day today... bowling later :),positive
there are actually so many nice people on here :),positive
COME ON USA!!!! LET'S FINISH THEM OFF!!!!! #USA,positive
Okay; Bruce & Kris renewing their vows was so sweet. And how he surprised her with that HUGE ring!!! #Kardashians,positive
Got a new Samsung Galaxy 3 Android :) Yaay!,positive
I love nightmares...don't you? @user ...oh and shants; and  Tuesdays; and white bikinis; and and nike shoe (just one) size 14 &lt;3,positive
Take a pretty picture for me!!! I like this crazy beat!!!,positive
Yes new ITouch and new cute white Sony computer. Love it,positive
I heard London calling on my way to Cape Town so went into the city during my lay over at Heathrowe.  Beautiful Sunday afternoon in London.,positive
For the one who cares it 's 1 -0 for mtl! I love my iphone! #pmcq,positive
I need a mail order bf. I just want a back rub; foot rub and an open ear. Idc if he doesn't even understand what I say lol,positive
I'm in love with my brown gucci loafers,positive
Glad I came out to hawk island .  .  the bike trail is nice and chill,positive
Music; Microsoft Word; and a comfy bed...I think I'm in heaven...,positive
I love when my friends internap!,positive
The energy here is intense!!!! Let's do this #riders !!!!!! #cfl #DestroySwaggerville,positive
Hope you all had a great TG! we are taking petsitting reservations for all your holiday needs so please call and book soon :),positive
"Today at work we got to eat a cake called ""chocolate nemesis"" and made the freezer into a fort. 50 hours of work now = worth it.",positive
I called; You answered. And You came to my rescue and I;  wanna be where You are. I am all Yours.,positive
What a nice; sunny day in Ottawa.  Getting ready for a trip to Vegas :),positive
In Barcelona!! Out hostel is very nice!! Going to el museo Picasso today!,positive
Great day yesterday; excellent mentoring from Cilla Snowball #MarketingAcademy + won Sony award for Driving change/Innovation in Marketing,positive
I'm going then i connect ; ok ? :D I LOVE U,positive
Thanks.All people on my timeline are joyous.,positive
Hope everyone has a great week!!,positive
Play nintendo DS now....:),positive
Loving this weather!,positive
Check out the New Microsoft Server and Cloud Platform Website!: We’re pleased to announce the launch of the new ... ~http,positive
Damn that shower was good #Winner,positive
God is good in spite!,positive
a very efficient receptionist and process of receiving guests is credit to @user (@ Microsoft UK Campus) ~http,positive
My parents won their quiz night #proud,positive
Eating at the Hilton with my mom. Yum!,positive
"Just bought Nick Carter's new CD ""I'm Taking Off"" and it's AMAZING!!! Everyone go get it :)",positive
Omg I found my Nintendo DS!!!! Singing out to Band Hero!!!!! Feel awesome and legit,positive
In my heart; I am singing. Because he is coming home!,positive
Got my acceptance letter to UCLA :) happiest girl in the world,positive
I &lt;3 lawrence!,positive
lol that audi is amazing!; is it some sort of aqua car?,positive
I've decided that Moon Heat will be the 1st book in a 12 book series entitled Shifter's Universe.  I'm so excited about this series! :-),positive
Getting ready to head to Nashville in the morning! Super stoked!,positive
has learnt how to use a Nintendo Wii and Twitter in the same day,positive
The Zelda parts of the Nintendo Press Conference was the most interesting! Liked the 3DS Games thou!,positive
Leave work an hour early? Youbetcha. Seeya Monday; tweeps.. time to spend quality time AFK.,positive
"""@EzUrbanVibe: Nike tracksuit and the scarf @user got me for christmas is the flex atm"".  &lt;&lt; Love this.. & this boy. &lt;3  xxxx",positive
I bought new Adidas shoes today :D. Purple ;P,positive
I'm happy to have a friend like u!,positive
Now Kevin Hart Seriously Funny just came on..I can't turn this one off either..so much for goin to bed early!,positive
my timeline is FULL of beyonce being pregnant :') wowww! :D,positive
Working out w/ the young guys at Adidas Nations camp in Chicago. Some very talented & personable young men here.,positive
-Ooo Bahama Breezy sounds good right about now....,positive
I hope everyone have a fun and safe Labor Day weekend.,positive
HAD FUN LAST NITE AT HOOKAH; VOILA AND BOURBON! DANCED MY FEET OFF THO!,positive
Reading Eat;Pray;Love is very insightful... Definite recommendation :) x,positive
Bought the Samsung Droid Charge today. Fantastic phone,positive
Thanks for the RT! @user,positive
"filming final shots for the ""To The Van"" video tonight..thanks again to all those who came out monday; you rule..see you friday! #changer",positive
Th pictures of David here are sooo cute ! hees ^^ ~http  via @user,positive
Over a month strong no ciggs,positive
LOVE the #redvelvet donuts at Lemars!  :),positive
I'm caught in the rhythms of grace.They overcome all of my ways. Realigning each step every day to live for Your glory. #nonebesideYou,positive
Watching GaGa on The View; she is SO beautiful!@ladygaga,positive
You guys have no idea how happy I am. This manga is &lt;333333,positive
YOU KNOW ITS FUN when u can't tell your parents WHAT YOU DID !!! .. Lol I'm so dead #sleep,positive
Haha yesss I shouldn't be allowed in this store got 3 bottles :),positive
Perfect day :),positive
Bright sunny morning; getting ready for another exciting day! btw registered myself for a free training offered by Microsoft on Office365.,positive
We killed the gucci party last night you know I had to represent with the white gucci shades all day lol !!! ~http,positive
Just love Kyiv! On one hand GUCCI shoes are not good enough to enter a club; on the other hand cop car drive home costs 10$;),positive
#fantasticfest Fist of Legend was good; but have to agree nothing could beat the first action sequence.  It was a good way to start the day.,positive
wow; gotta love waking up to the july sunshine :l,positive
Loving my Sony e-reader! So convenient!,positive
“@TVGuide: Nikita renewed. story developing....” Yessss ! Best News of the night with #OTH renewal !!!!,positive
Am starting to feel a bit better Cold wise waiting with anticpation for pt2 Starsky And Hutch,positive
Damnnnn “@GracieGlam: Can't tell how many but fuck it!!!! Yay 16k ! #bigbooty love you guys!!! &lt;3 ~http,positive
Let's go heat,positive
Cant wait to watch @user tonight. Something to bring me up :).,positive
2011 will be my year:) i am determined to make it that way. it's all about attitude!,positive
He enjoyed himself lol ~http,positive
Thank you Mayor Bing and new City of Detroit team for bringing hope back to our GREAT City!,positive
I love my state ....,positive
Congratulations to our friends at Sony for their FOCAL Award nomination for restoration of Bridge On The River Kwai ~http,positive
And few super close friends,positive
nice Spaziale with Cadburys at IFE ~http,positive
Let's do it #Bulls! Have u seen the Derrick Rose Adidas commercial? W.o.w!!,positive
"I can't wait to hear @user in the Sony exclusive version of Saints Row 3. I'm guessing the line will be ""Big ass chains ... in 3-D!""",positive
Today we proudly celebrate 10 yrs of achievements at the 10th anniv of The Marilyn Hilton MS Achievement Center at UCLA.,positive
Let's get it lakers no game 7 yeah,positive
nails done - deep blue with silver polka dots :),positive
Am at the VIP Microsoft party with @user in cologne. Xbox kinect is amazing!    ~http,positive
I feel like a million bucks.  I literally feel 20 years younger than I am.  Learn how you can; too; in just 60 seconds.  ~http,positive
Thanks to @user for providing the information on how to get the Nintendo 3DS Ambassador Program free games. #MuchAppreciatedInfo =D,positive
#ATPESummit here we come!  Woot!,positive
gucci gucci was just on the radioooooooo! OMG :D @user,positive
Just got some DKNY jeans and Nike shoes for the low; low. #Loveoutletmalls,positive
I love putting mini oreos in a cup of milk and eating it like cereal. #greatday,positive
great community (MVP) speakers delivering comprehensive training at Microsoft Virtualization Day 2011 Dublin! ~http,positive
Time to have my twenty-first girl get courted by some thirteenth century Highlanders... Damn. I love writing.,positive
A huge shout out to Glen Carbon Centennial Library (our next door neighbor) for all of the awards it has received... ~http,positive
Enjoyed working camp this week with @user and @user but boy am I glad it's over! Off to NoLa in the morning!,positive
fuck yeah!; Austin TX with Ashley on Monday!. staying for a day or two at the hilton hotel!,positive
last two evenings on competition of young opera's singers in The Theatre of Opera and Ballet were amazing.,positive
Oh how I love you French gourmet bakery #whyaretheyspeakingspanish ~http,positive
Dude. I love the bing commercial with chromeo!,positive
MICROSOFT WINS FOR HAVING ICE T AT THE CONFERENCE.  ALL IS FORGIVEN.,positive
Better johnny...!,positive
I gotta say; Nike does really cool things. Now to get ready for work.,positive
Canadians can; and do; hold their heads up just fine. We're proud to be part of the best country in the free world. #cdnpoli,positive
I just splurged on three pair of Nike shorts!!! #sometimesyouhaveto,positive
Got myself some nice Adidas Adizero Tempo for only £60 from Sweatshop. Well chuffed ~http  I presume PBs will follow. ;),positive
"So I made ""Bing"" my search home... and I like it. Could this be the first Microsoft product that wasn't totally repulsive?",positive
YEAHHH ALEXXX MORGANNNNNNNNN HOLY I LOVE YOU.,positive
WOOOO!!!!!! Go Team Hamilton. We knew you could do it. Thanks to every one for voting; keep spreading the word. ~http,positive
I just finished a bowl of FAGE Greek yogurt w/blackberries and fiber bran cereal. Creamy; crunchy; sweet. And mucho healthy! #Yum,positive
what a match! thumbs up to u guys for making my day. Gunners for life,positive
Boomer is our DachStar of the Week! Check this little cutie out; Arroooo! ~http,positive
"nice !!! CHECK OUT FUTURE-&gt; @user Casper- Gucci Time (Freestyle) ~http  via @user Casper FROM ThaYoungHustlaz""""",positive
I love kalli!!!,positive
If the Lakers take care of the ball and the bench steps up; they can easily sweep the Jazzmines haha,positive
Is anyone else super excited for the Nintendo 3ds price drop in August i know i am is only gonna be $169.00!!,positive
WOW! KRisten looks AMAZING,positive
Girls grab ur ladies and head to @user tonight with @user!! It's Gucci Month!!,positive
Calling all students... The Sony Centre have some great offers to help you prepare for a new year at colleg… (cont) ~http,positive
So excited to see my roomie @user tomorrow!!!!!!! #sopumped,positive
Pure jokes at #RehearsalLyfe with the cast of Church Girl @ Sony Centre! This play is great and the voices are greater! #Blessed,positive
The DC FABB Event was fabulous!!! #DCFABB #DC #Fashion (@ Dirty Martini w/ 7 others) ~http,positive
No practice? Ohkay! Get to see mi whittle baby today! #awhhbabies,positive
wow 14 new followers request! i feel so popular! hahahahaha((:,positive
I never regret trips to Chicago.  #success,positive
Because of #IWannaGo I now collect seashells. ♥ BEST HOBBY EVER! IWannaGodney,positive
obsessed with trust issues remix from @user it's SO GOOD!,positive
Check it out. Nintendo World Report posted an awesome preview of Monster Tale: ~http,positive
Won my first game of texas hold 'em! #beginnersluck,positive
I love you @user,positive
GoodNight TweetiePies! Remember...BELIEVE in your destiny..& Life will bring you the ppl & circumstances to help you realize it.,positive
Bought microsoft office 2011 for less than 10 dollars. One of the many reasons why I love thailand.,positive
Received my invitation for Gucci and Fiat 500 collaboration launch party in London tomorrow evening.. Awesome.. The weeks looking good!,positive
good morning tweeps!! fine morning for some training. Done and dusted...time for brekkie! mmmmm ~http,positive
That new Club Nintendo Messenger Bag is pretty cool. Neat for laptops.,positive
Went for a walk this morning; then did 30 Day Shred! Sitting outside with the cats; cooling down. I love Fall!,positive
yaas i got my twitpic thingy right again!,positive
Yeah; I REALLY really wanna see you Friday.,positive
Got my adidas pantssss yeyeeee #happy,positive
:: I love my new samsung vibrant!!! Thnx babe,positive
I love @user,positive
Post wedding shower! #heaven,positive
getting ready to go to Hilton Head island in S.C. tomorrow... can't wait!,positive
I glad I don't need injections! Im #beautiful,positive
Free parking in the parking garage today!,positive
"Okayy so how about my new word makin' best friend is @user!! Flauge!! We will have to make some more ""professional"" words!! HAHA! #funny",positive
I was so excited when I won the auction for this brand new Sony Vaio Laptop I won with a bid of $44.87 ~http,positive
#overc A heartfelt Thank You to the 90+ experts offering bonus offers for Overcomers Inc.  ~http,positive
I love Football. #GOJACKETS #GoodGame!,positive
Went throught Niche Detective on #ppcclassroom last night. Lot of gr8 info. All for $1; better than Google Wave! ~http,positive
Haaha omg im wachin ridiculousness this shit is hella funny,positive
Today's Vid: Seattle Storm History - Volume 2: 2001-2002 ~http  - No draft can beat those! Storm struck gold 2 years in a row!,positive
The cd is coming along... Hopefully within the month!,positive
hahaha omg I love my mom,positive
Good Luck to our La Salle Explorers at the Penn... ~http,positive
Lmfao to the kia soul commercial .,positive
Yes! How cool is that? We'll let u know where! RT @user @user Is Paris Hilton buying ice cream for local listeners?,positive
Mark your calendars; folks!  July 7; 2011 at the Marietta Hilton Conference Center!  EVERYONE is invited to the... ~http,positive
A dangerous day. Beautiful; warm & I have a lunch mtg away from the office. #springfever #nodeadlinestoday #convertible,positive
I like it! RT @user Nike adds Larry Bernandez to their Hair-itage t-shirt collection ~http,positive
Looking forward to watching the game tomorrow Celtics vs The Heat #TeamCeltics,positive
I am in love...with my Samsung Infuse.,positive
Happy Family Day everyone..!!! :) Im alone :(.. but you enjoy with your family...:),positive
It feels great to be in my bedd,positive
Nothing like a brisket taco and coffee to get the day going.,positive
OMG; 1st day of September is tomorrow!! Fall is thismuch closer,positive
I'll b there... best local band in CLE! RT @user with Sultans of Bing for our LAST WOW! Wade Oval Wednesday Presented by PNC.,positive
much needed day off. time to catch up on some shows; laundry and quality time with my gray cat.,positive
Congrats to Audi on their overall win at LeMans and Corvette on their class win!  I'm more excited about the Corvette win; of course!  &lt;3,positive
bliss felt so close; like never before,positive
Having a well deserved beer waiting for mates to finish work after an intense Microsoft BizSpark Session. #Azure #SBSCA - 1 Martin Place,positive
So grateful to have met all these amazing people over the last few weeks!,positive
Reinstalling Windows XP reminds me just how far Microsoft have come. Thank goodness I don't have to reinstall anything older.,positive
Just rode the rapter! #CrazyAsShit! #Again!AgainAgain! #:D,positive
We had the UTC class of 2010 that came by 2day. It was a blessing to c them. Many r going back 2 their cities 2 do a wk 4 God. God bless you,positive
Just saw an Audi r8 my day is made #dreamcar,positive
Have a great weekend everyone!!,positive
"Wow! Mind blown!! RT @user Nike Air Mag ""Marty Mcfly"" 2015 First Look = BAD AS #!@% ~http",positive
Off for dinner good cause I am starving,positive
I is eatin chips :D,positive
i appreciate spongebob so much more now that im older,positive
dirtbiking with hilton was the best! #bestnightever,positive
Give it up2@ladycisca for bein an effective commentator! ~http,positive
Anyway; the new insanicast is rendering in Sony Vegas right now; and oh boy this one's a good one. Expect to see it online soon. :&gt;,positive
Looks like it will be a night with the Spidey - my awesome bass player. Gonna brainstorm on ideas the Busted Music Video! OH YEAH!,positive
Can't wait for @user to come out again; great revision fuel,positive
It could just be your amazing company. :) just sayin. -Maestro,positive
Love Love Love my babies!,positive
Ordered Sony Vegas!:D It's comming Friday!!:D #Excited,positive
I just got up to 13;752 in #DoodleJump!!! Beat that! ~http,positive
Putting my dope car on the road hopefully tomorrow;if plans turn out!! Its pretty awesome with the Sony system I just bought!!,positive
Great news for partners and even greater for customers; get a check from Microsoft when you purchase qualified products,positive
YAY it's Friday!,positive
My new Samsung Galaxy for Verizon Wireless. Very coooool!!! ~http,positive
"Just received an early Xmas gift! @user 's book: ""Leaving Microsoft to Change the World""",positive
you want to squeeze me till i die? cuz thats real love RT @user @user I fucking love you..my teeth are gritting right now.,positive
heading to Wisconsin after work today for a nice weekend get away!,positive
Love this song! RT @user Set me free; leave me be.. I dont wanna fall another moment into ur gravity #np,positive
Mcdonalds breakfast haaay #betchesluvthis,positive
Had my 1 year pics taken tonight. Mom rescheduled them 2x after my black eye stunt. She didn't get the hint; so I refused to smile. #iwin,positive
I found out today that @user has a nintendo 64 and it made me really excited :),positive
Oh; the trust I put in @user #Iloveyou.,positive
On way to Sony Liverpool; with Brighton last week and Scotland this; it feels like I've not been there for ages! Looking forward to it!,positive
jus made a twitter lol,positive
Tears tears tears tears tears and even more tears...Im so HAPPY! Latonya,positive
A very Happy New Year to all our listeners! Have a great 2011; as we pledge to; well; talk Microsoft some more. :),positive
Here we are again; well hello there :),positive
“@TOOEAZY_0: Gucci two times just came on my iTunes.....Im no longer sleepy..lol” happens to me everytime a beyonce song plays,positive
No matter how bad things are;I know there's something bright around the corner,positive
"For every rainy day is a good day n today? God has showed me the ""brighter side"" :) the power of prayer. God answers I promise.",positive
Creating a workshop on citation styles. Does anyone else get as excited as I do researching #APA_Style and #ChicagoManual?,positive
Wow...my husband @user  looks so good in that new adidas commercial..#justsaying,positive
Bathed dog; no more dog stink in the house!,positive
#20peopleidmarry Justin Bieber!,positive
I think Sony is winning #E3. Count my vote on @user ~http  via @user,positive
Happy Mothers Day!! I love you mom xoxo on our way to the bronx zoo mom has never been there and has always wanted to go... &lt;3,positive
My heart skip- skips a beat. Loving that new Olly Murs tune :),positive
My favorite picture of @user taken by me :) ~http,positive
Your gucci match my pradas a good look ;),positive
Look at drake tho I love him &lt;3,positive
This new Nintendo system has some lofty goals! #E3onG4,positive
#FollowFriday This girl is amazing!!  Follow @user,positive
bought Samsung Galaxy Pro :D,positive
I want to wish Samuel Antonio Lucas a very happy 14th birthday! :),positive
I'm loving iphone even more today. Can apple do no wrong at the moment?,positive
I love dancing with my boo @user... :),positive
Amazing night with ma chick quinn,positive
Just got back from dinner wit my fam! Fun times,positive
Watching Odd one in! It's hilarious!,positive
Awesome! RT @user Nike fun stunt: ltd ed replica Back To The Future II trainers w/ proceeds going to charity ~http,positive
Love this photo&lt;3 @user  ~http,positive
#greatestgadgets My Samsung netbook for it's battery life and my pifco headlamp for it's brilliance.,positive
It's amazing what make up and a hair straighner can do to a girl. (;,positive
Just love my red touchpad in my iphone^^,positive
congratulations to Hugo Mason for winning the signed Manuel Almunia Nike Gloves.,positive
Nf @user!!! I can't believe u found me lol,positive
finally found a new sexy bra..works in ALL the right places..plus i smell fabulous; thank u nordy rack & Gucci Guilty..yummm :),positive
Just provided Microsoft with a case study for cloud computing. Thanks to @user for his vision & expertise a couple of years ago!!!,positive
Wow - neat! RT @user Bing Maps calculates taxi cab fares ~http,positive
GD MONIN MY TWEETY SWEETIEZ; ME & BLESSEN UP N A GD MOOD HOT AZ HELL & ALL YALL NJOY THIZ HEAT!!!!,positive
Just had an intense battle with Microsoft office... And I emerged victorious,positive
'Imma be rockin d gud life',positive
Happy Birthday! #20thJinnieDay,positive
Really hopes he gets his Audi today!!,positive
just the feel of the cool air on my skin is like ahhhhh sweet bliss!!!,positive
Bitch we need to do a shoot together. Them pics is GORGEOUS.....sike LMAO sike na they is cute. @user,positive
A music video that will take your breath away: ~http  #visuallyastounding,positive
Praying for fuel tonight. Figure that if God can use a donkey; he can use a girl like me!!! So pumped!,positive
Wtchn Dum Maro Dum!!! Finally!!!!! Loving it!!!!!! Superb film!!!,positive
ALLNIGHTER!!!,positive
12 yrs worth the wait... Cried like a baby... Better than the 1st and 2nd.. Toy Story 3 officially my favorite,positive
Really delighted to meet Sean Kelly in Lismore this lunchtime. An absolute legend and a gentleman. #Lismore #oneofthealltimegreats,positive
I love bein in love with someone who loves me just as much!!!,positive
The nintendo 3DS eShop us out soon! Yayayayayayyay ... Almost E3 time too!,positive
finna cook dinner then get some then get up hit the shower then walk in this closet of mines to see what im wearin tonight party party party,positive
Happy birthday to my bestfriend ryach  iLove you (: ,positive
Thanks Simon - it's much appreciated!! RT @user @user I'm def voting for you guys. Hands down. #IDMAs,positive
In the Executive Lounge at Hilton - what makes it better is FREE WI-FI!!!!! :D,positive
I Lovee! @user,positive
I'm feeling happy now ;),positive
Pumped for the Gucci Bowl ,positive
"""..possibly the most unique and interesting game to come out so far for Nintendo WiiWare"" ~http",positive
I'm still using Microsoft Money 2004 to manage my personal finances. What a great program!!! Cash flow chart is my favorite tool!!,positive
Just got home :) got the #LakeShow tonight!!,positive
The movie Dolphin Tale looks so stinkin' cute. I remember when the story came out. Gives you that warm & fuzzy feeling. ,positive
Looking forward to working with our new MIS PhD & MSc students #sauder #ubc.,positive
well done hockey girls:).,positive
O yea so sweet baby.................,positive
Watching sister; sister I use to love this show,positive
Back to basics the best album ever!,positive
"""@NCAAsoftball: Ducks or Gators? #wcws"" go ducks!",positive
Enjoyin a much needed day off,positive
I love my baby:),positive
woohoo! finally got audio bk on! i just need to put web cam; microsoft office; excell; powerpoint ect. bk on! probs take me all nite!!,positive
happy easter @user @user &lt;3,positive
"""Lauristons were reliable & genuine throughout. Keep up the good work expect to see some more instructions from us! Kumaran"" Landlord",positive
You’ll love the prices on Nike products at ~http,positive
Always a good time! :) RT @user At happy hour with ms @user; happpy belated birthday; loveeee youuuuu,positive
Super Nintendo is my shit. #GAMEON,positive
I nominate @user for a Shorty Award in #travel because... CTFxC is sweet ~http,positive
I love jack murray,positive
But in other news... First trip to ikea was awesome!,positive
Good Night :),positive
I love just laying in bed before going to sleep and thinking about life :),positive
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there! We appreciate you!,positive
Finished talking to the Wifey ^-^ Going to bed. Love you Krystal,positive
I love you @user for loving me......#SEXY,positive
wow those nike air mag shoes are something serious,positive
Damn its good day!* {In my gucci voice},positive
Got some awesome new mechanical pencils and Sharpies. Bring it; school.,positive
A great Christmas Eve day shopping. The find of the day was a vintage Bing Crosby Christmas LP! We are enjoying it now. Merry Christmas!,positive
love my puma socks;Addidas sweatpants; and nike shoes,positive
At the taste of orland just ate a yummy dessert cup!!!! It was chocolate cake strawberries bananas vanilla pudding and whip cream #yum,positive
;) RT @user Aint no thankz u know I luv her crazy ass like a fat kid luvs cake lol RT @user @user awww thxz jazz,positive
todays plan: go play kinect at the microsoft store in park meadows... #lovemyjob,positive
Happy 3rd Birthday to my darling little sister; Samantha &lt;33,positive
Awesome first day of college! Two assignments already done wahoo! Oh yeah ahead of the curve. Tomorrow only one class at two!,positive
thank you @user for a great dinner! mmm pasta bar #smellslikecack sorry @user had to get it in,positive
love unlimited vibes LUV.TWO a-side by ?  @ Worldwide ~http,positive
Love Ur Life.. It is Priceless.. never give n to the wrong..Just Do The #Good!!! #Jah First #POW,positive
Wow Nike just released Boise's Pro Combat Uni's for the UGA game next weekend.....pretty sharp I must say ~http,positive
Watching @user on piers Morgan - amazing man! :),positive
Very excited to have &ME in town playing with Damien Ford; Terry Nova and Eric Harary at Studio 21 in Manhattan this Saturday Night,positive
i likeeee bigggg butts & i cannot liee... haha ;),positive
Wow this single mom is a friggin herooo *thumbs upp* Im so proud! ~http,positive
Good Morning; I'm having a good day so far. Missing my honey bun Mike but I will see him later.,positive
Enjoying the nice weather outside and taking a break from the new project,positive
lmfaooo why i just started singin this whole song frm here && still dk wat it is..i knw its a gucci mane son… (cont) ~http,positive
No regrets!:-),positive
-Your love is the sweetest thing at this point in my life; when u say u love me my heart stop. And when you say that I have all u want.,positive
Pool Party at Las Vegas Hilton will be a lot of fun tonight!!!,positive
I LOVE not seeing #Iowa in the top 25 of the USA Today Preseason Coaches Poll. Makes my day. #Chokeyes #Pukes,positive
The swype key pad of my samsung  rocks.. Lets see how the battery life is.....,positive
So excited to workout with my new Nike + shoes!! (@ 24 Hour Fitness) ~http,positive
s/o to @user! Made a statement in the south and still doing damage on the WEST COAST! I love you! :),positive
I liked a YouTube video -- Top 20 Most Asked Questions in Sony Vegas (volume 2?) ~http,positive
Mmm mmm the dawgs look so good in their Nike Pro uniforms! Go dawgs! Sic em! #woofwoofwoof,positive
Happy birthday @user! I hope it is amazing :),positive
is planning a wedding in Vegas today.  I have a fun job!,positive
today was a good day :),positive
The hot boy's name is nick; and today he is wearing glasses and his hair isn't done. He is super cute today.,positive
My best Valentine's Day to-date just ended. Time for bed.,positive
I love how on the radio; they are talking about the gucci bowl.&lt;3 #pumped !,positive
V day Wooohhooo. Party time.,positive
Today was a good day at work. Had mom and dad email me and let me know they want me to #doula them for there Oct... ~http,positive
oh hello friday? what was that? yes we shall party this weekend... microsoft style,positive
Morning as it is...lovely the sun comin ...the day goes with the light of crossing the difficult phase of project...,positive
I liked a YouTube video -- Bing Crosby & The Andrews Sisters ~http,positive
Rihanna look hot!!,positive
IS THAT A VINTAGE GUCCI VILE NECKLACE U HAVE ON?!?....Damn baby.Now thats flava!....im impressed,positive
#xfactor Janet was AMAZE!! So sweet!! :),positive
im onsomniactic (spelling baha) cant sleep! busy working on the project with my girls (: cannot wait to go street hunting.,positive
#Spain wins 1-0!!  I knew you could do it!,positive
Just found a $50 check from my birthday...awesome.,positive
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :))))))))))) @user,positive
Goodnight Twitter! School in the morning; then one more day till the weekend! Can't wait :D &lt;3,positive
Saints game!!!!,positive
Happy birthday @user ! I adore you :)) have a great day!,positive
Massage is the best way to relax in this stressful world. Try it today! You'll be glad you did.,positive
really really hopes my money has gone in so i can go out tonight =D!!,positive
"Seeing @user's ""Life of Galileo"" this afternoon. Just entered and already love design: really economical use of space; love the (1/2)",positive
Another great day of watching our Wildcats compete with their AAU teams. Hit up the Hoosier Shootout and Adidas Invite. Great job guys!!,positive
'but im fun... what; well i am!' classic @user #db #thiswasinmydrafts,positive
So loving this Samsung Infuse!,positive
Says; Yayy finally off work.....sheesh missed the beautiful weather its gucci more days to come ;)),positive
Love the days at practice when time passes by super fast.,positive
congrats to @user 's little bro; Pao! :&gt;,positive
SO excited for tomorrow!!!!! #GoBlue,positive
God I love fashion... I was definitely Coco Chanel in a previous life. I got Gucci taste on a Baby Phat budget.,positive
Taking the insoles out of my Nike Free 3.0s makes them so much better for playing in!,positive
This shirt is ass kicking ~http,positive
One heavily pregnant pig has now been safely moved into the barn. Phew..What an effort. Looking forward to the new arrivals next weekend tho,positive
"i would like to express my love for the song ""magic man"" by heart. that is all",positive
to see my brother tomorrow!!!! So excited!,positive
Thanks for the retweet; man! @user,positive
Just got my first @user ticket! Been meaning to go for soooooooooooo long.  Can't wait!  May 19th.  Be there.,positive
Watching @user zumba is the best thing I have seen all week! &lt;3,positive
had the most awesomest day at school! mr harvey played one and iYiYi all day go him,positive
MSP Ashishh Khadse : Woo-pie I'm Going for Microsoft Student Partner Boot Camp 2011 @ GOA .............Dream Come True Finally :),positive
LOVE it #tonight!RT @user Excited for another Jerzday?! How are you liking the new season so far?,positive
Yoh! Can't remember the last time I laughed so hard! Thank u Sony Max,positive
Just played a sic gig at the NIKE store in Cardiff!! Thanks for all the new NIKEs guys :),positive
Joey Barton signed for QPR....people love him or hate him. I love him! Hopefully get to see some games this season :-),positive
Just picked up the samsung galaxy it's pretty damn cool,positive
Shutter Island is a great noir film with an awesome cast of character actors. Loved it.,positive
Good times with the main bitches.,positive
Waaaaaayyyy to pretty outside to be inside studying..... so I'm not! #sundayfunday,positive
"""@MrMeatnuggets: @user sweet if there a pic post it on Flash Mountain! LOL!!!"" Good one. Love it!!",positive
Awesome home made Nintendo NES PC ~http,positive
Burnt marshmellows and hawaiian chips. YES.,positive
Spotlite is amazing. .:),positive
i figured it out! i have color. wii is a great thing nintendo is the best!,positive
Chillin' out; maxin'; relaxin' all cool... xo,positive
omg i love pauly d hair  (@YouTube ~http ),positive
these football shirts are dope! we want to be happy after the games!!!,positive
my toothache has died down for now.....  i won a Samsung Instinct s30 on eBaY! can't wait to get it.,positive
Still feeling pooped after my adidas Zone Cycling class at David Lloyd Leisure this morning - great class though!,positive
How can you possibly have a bad day when Joan Benoit Samelson congratulates you on your fastest mile ever? I love nike +,positive
Had a great time with the bae I wuv u &lt;3,positive
so happy~~,positive
So not to brag or anything but my friend Cody is amazing. He brought me cotton candy 'cos I was feeling down. &lt;3,positive
Ok; really starting to dig this whole video thing.  The right tools makes all the difference. Sony Vegas...nuff said.,positive
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. ~http,positive
What an interesting product; Samsung did a great job with the Smart TV!! Stunning model as well :) #samsungsmarttv,positive
I love looking in my account and there being way more money than I thought; thank you studylink; I love you.,positive
Good Morning Twitter ! (: church time!,positive
I want a chevy!!,positive
lmao how did it go from Jedward spamming Aaron to him waiting for them to call him?! Jedward fans are amazing!,positive
"""Eat the head! It's the best part!""",positive
congrats!! “@MichaelMyersATD: Waiting for an email response... And Nike training club here I come!!”,positive
Hello Hilton Head. Can't wait to spend the next 4 days with you!  ~http,positive
Wow;there's so many st nicks girls going back home alrdy...with house tee somemore!I even saw a girl wearing hse tee go out sia!lol!,positive
OH MY BASED GOD. Those new Nike Mags light the fuck up. AM I 6 AGAIN!? #soexcited #theylookfuckedup #butimgettingthemanywaysfuckit,positive
Yessir!!!!!!! I need an Audi S4!!!!!!!!!!! #Machine,positive
Haven't read the book; but awesome movie! Inspiring.@mylilkitchenlab,positive
“@nickyrudd01: Thank you for your help today! I'm giving you an early #ff @user :O)” Thnx for that; happy to assist!,positive
First tweet from my new Windows 7 Phone; a sweet Samsung Focus!,positive
Excited to sneak peak the new adidas by Stella McCartney AW collection tomorrow. Already!,positive
There are new cross walk blinkers in nike and they talk. VERY entertaining! :),positive
3000th tweet I'd like to dedicate this tweet to.........ME!!!!!!!! #happytweet,positive
Going to the top of the Hancock building for a super awesome dinner!! #lovechicago,positive
I can't believe this is happening. I leave for Sac in 5 hours. I am all packed and ready to go (:,positive
Finally a good reason to buy Sony again: ~http,positive
Seeing a bunch of comments on N4G talking about how the best games in any genre are always Sony IPs. I'm inclined to agree. ;),positive
"""@thatgrapejuice: Official: Brandy Signs With Sony Music ~http  - good news i'm sure @user will be happy"" Definately!",positive
Take that rocked last night  ~http,positive
LADIES RUN THE WORLD!!!!! THE CLASSY ONES THE ONES THAT HAVE RESPECT FOR THIERSELFS!!!!,positive
OMG!!!  I just got my invitation in the mail to the @user wedding!!!!,positive
#ff @user he's amazinng at dancing; singing! He's part of @user :D he's really good looking! (cont) ~http,positive
Too much fun :),positive
I'm excited for the VMA's tonight,positive
Finally getting a bed today!!! :D :D no more sleeping on the floor!!,positive
I love nature. #topoftheworld,positive
Guys please check out bing every day it has great pictures - ~http,positive
Hi everyone!  Happy my schedule allowed for this today #FBR,positive
Up early this morning to watch our @user guys play in the Adidas Invite. Good luck guys...can't wait to see you compete!,positive
"""They wonder why; don't I; go get myself a job so I can make; them bucks but I don't give a fu*k No I feel great; bit*h I feel great""",positive
Opening weekend was a success,positive
"""I’ll never forget the fun time I had there& I want to thank you& all the wonderful people who made my dream come true"" ~http",positive
Hope everyone is having a great day today! It's hot here in Atlanta! Will be posting some new Microsoft job opportunities later today!,positive
Check out our featured listings; we have some amazing properties for sale right now!! ~http,positive
I get to go get some new nike running shoes today. More motivation to workout. #skinnythoughts,positive
mmmmmm boyz night mothafuckas! &lt;3,positive
Hanging out on the deck at Covecrest; it's good to be home.,positive
ROME classes begin tomorrow! nothing better than a little #oldbridge gelato to help get everyone ready!,positive
Congratulations to @user for winning @user People's Choice Award!  Great guys with killer mustaches!!  stuntdoublecircus.com,positive
following @user is always the biggest pick me up in the mornings... Feeling so good today for a bunch of reasons!!!,positive
you're so sweet baby,positive
Baby; you summertime fine (; @user,positive
Got a new Dell desktop today. Feels good man. Windows 7 is pretty tight. Hell; even Internet Explorer isn't too shabby! #shock,positive
I neva really listened to Gucci Mane music......he's actually a GREAT rapper @user,positive
HOORAY! Burn; with @user. #followback,positive
Holy fack!! Rookie blue is on!!! :D,positive
Its such a ego boost to my music when someone asks to write songs with me cause they like my stuff.,positive
This is how I roll ! Dam right,positive
Georgia uniforms are SICK!  Nice job Nike #hellaclean,positive
Love how @user is on the twype!!,positive
"""@PierreOpperman: Never;ever stop persuing your goals and dreams!!! Success materializes when least expected...Have a brilliant week:)""",positive
i love kim kardashian an paris hilton they should become bestfriends an make their own show. id watch it everyday #whitegirl,positive
The Bing demo was insane!! #WPCLA,positive
My mom bought me a new Adidas jacket. I love my mom.,positive
#dellstreak with BT works great in my 2010 Taurus SHO with Microsoft SYNC,positive
Watching Friends! I wanna learn how to play CUPS!!!,positive
lost a Camera Sony Alpha 200 last Saturday 28th at Brussels Airport/Zaventem inside a LowePro camera bag...has anyone found it?,negative
#nofatgirls,negative
#TheLastTimeIChecked they wasn't fucking with me now the checking on me like a nike sign,negative
SO FUCKING ANNOYED,negative
Remembering why I so dislike using Microsoft Project...,negative
#BET jokes don't do it for me anymore. RT @user @user you sir don't know shit about comedy,negative
"im scared that now that i'm happy again someone decides to ruin it they're like ""oh shees too happy lets go ruin it"" smh always happens",negative
You think Facebook settings are complex? You ain't seen nothing until you try deleting a Youtube account. I need a PHD in understanding BS.,negative
After so much of hit & trail... Samsung galaxy battery sucks big time...no use samsung support #samsungsupport,negative
Dis is crazy we sittin here at dis hotel tryin to gt to the Hilton hotel!. ,negative
Fed up with being let down :|,negative
Apple to miss out on Samsung sales injunction; won't share new devices ~http,negative
really i heard some dmb bytch tellin  me to stay with my man but of course i stay with him cus he take care his daughter,negative
what the fuck happen to my fucking netflix grrrrr i was in the middle of the season,negative
Oh; unfortunately. I think I have to give the Nike Sneakers I had bought to my friend. RT @user Yes; I won't. RT @user,negative
Oy tommm you fucked my bike,negative
Why can't I ever say what's on my mind -.-,negative
I really hate the fact that I let my emotions get the best of me,negative
Just kill me now.,negative
Seriously; sometimes i juss wanna stick a teacher in the face.,negative
Thinking about shutting down facebook as I never talk on it. Seems like a waste of spam in my email to me as of late :/,negative
If I had known Simon would take over my Sony WebTV Plus; I wouldn't have purchased it.  :(,negative
I leave twitter 4 a few hours n i come back to hell. i can't bliev Nike contracted Michael Vick... They were not thinking #nike @user,negative
Mad I keep losin connection,negative
So dont get butt hurt when i give an attitude; sheesh,negative
The house is haunted... Don't want to go downstairs now,negative
Nobody don't wont that gray helicopter and them oreo tires! It AIN'T all of that!,negative
i despise microsoft right now. there are so many words i wanna say...,negative
It wasn't even good #mcflurry,negative
Macklemore is dirt.,negative
Second set of Sony earbuds just died. Lasted 6 months just like the first set. Has 90 day warranty. DONT BUY.,negative
"Just heard ""Kreayshawn - Gucci Gucci"" - She's what's wrong with America...",negative
What is wrong with my Etsy shop.  Can't get in there.,negative
You know when you feel so incompetent and utterly useless? ..yeah.,negative
Its 80 somethin outside n I'm a lil bish n heat. Goin 2 bed Alone :( #beinsinglesucks,negative
I do not fuck wit them Nike #Mags,negative
Wonders what kind of United fan says 'Man U'? Learn the history of the club and stop that shit!,negative
My cuz iz bing a bitch and geting on my fucking nerve,negative
People like this should serve jail time - ~http,negative
I need to get Microsoft on my computer cause I hate using my sisters. Its to damn slow,negative
If you are 60 please don't rock you collar up and spike your hair... Not the best look...,negative
Lost in the parking garage at #asf . Can't find my car... Fun times,negative
This is what happens when you let a woman book your flight; I guess I won't be watching tonight's game.,negative
Standin n line 4 sneakers n the middle of the night is LAME I could c if they were Gucci Prada or Maddens but Foams? #somebodytoldyouwrong,negative
I almost think Sunday nights should be awful by law. This way you're not so depressed going to bed for work. Another weekend-gone by. Sigh.,negative
Stupid Internet connection &gt;.&lt;,negative
Yikes weezy killed this gucci gucci freestyle. I mean in a bad way #coverseyes,negative
Omg I'm so embarrassed!,negative
*THEY SAY MONEY IS THE ROOT OF EVIL... I SAY MONEY IS THE REASON IM SO RUDE TO PEOPLE..,negative
#ITellYou ( Gucci Voice ) People Juss Uqly .,negative
I think gucci mane is mental,negative
Bing is playing dirty with Google; bad Bing BAD BIng,negative
Ahh; f***; this hurts. GO AWAY.... iIts 7 AM. I need to sleep dammit. (CRAMPS),negative
My hair goes horribly curly when I let it dry naturally; I really dislike it,negative
Both of are mad for nothing!!!,negative
“@hankito: @user paris hilton thinking shes a house dj I blame you” +11111 I'm starting to feel sick to my stomach if this is true,negative
Already over school...cannot get myself out of bed for anything. #longdayahead,negative
Kinda feel a little ripped off on this one.  ~http,negative
Feel like shit! ! :'-(,negative
Something is fucking wrong w my phone! ,negative
women are just selfish bitches. they only care bout themselves and have no consideration for you. #KarmasABitch,negative
Time to delete everything off of this piece of shit. Bye bye Samsung N130!,negative
PS3 is in pieces on my floor. Sony suck at TIM application.,negative
Agreed! RT @user Microsoft Office 2007 is crap; crap; crap; crap - Why cant it communicate between two of its own programs effectively,negative
"""BANKERS STOLE OUR MONEY SO NOW IM GON STEAL A SONY FROM CURRYS"" say people attempting to justify #londonriots . Sound logic there...",negative
I hate my dentist he watches trueblood and has ugly gucci shoes #fagbag,negative
makes me cringe when people put 'bieber' as there last name &gt;&lt;,negative
Saw someone running in Nike Shox at the gym this a.m....people still run in those?!  #WorstShoesEver,negative
Seriously need my own place! these neighbors r so inconsiderate of other people mind you these walls are thin! #2 Goal my own apt. asap -_-,negative
im seriously mad about it.,negative
And I'm off to brave the frigid conditions for approximately 4 more hours.,negative
At school now :( x,negative
sooo im kinda mad that I spent money on rentign a car bc i was afraid of getting a ticket in LA for my tint.... and I didnt see one damn COP,negative
Hot  azz hell in Orlando,negative
feeling really down today,negative
i cant even deal with this....and this bitch wrote a letter and all....lmao. Tammi goes too hard for a Mon night lol,negative
"Old girls are crazy.... Not ""more mature"" and young girls confused af. #losing",negative
You shouldn't know your mom's a member of the mile high club.,negative
Not being able to log off from hotmail is a security problem.  So; since Microsoft owns hotmail; why should I be surprised?,negative
No more going to one world :((,negative
Damn it.  Too hard a push into the corner.  #kbshow,negative
I keep hearing this horrid KFC jingle!!! Must one suffer so?,negative
"Gucci Gucci Remix - Kreayshawn ""one big room; full of dead bitches"" #inappropriatefuneralsongs",negative
... Mfs Aint Shit ..,negative
OMG IM READY TO GO DA FUCK HOME LIIKE,negative
Shorty think she hot shit cuz she got a fake gucci bag!! I think NOT!! Lmao!!,negative
Well; Colorado sure is friendly- never witnessed a blatant flipping off of a semi before #middlefingerseverywhere #bigmove #15mphunder,negative
The lady next to me on the train is snoring like no other... #fb,negative
I think I just lost some braincells watching Paris Hilton My New BFF.,negative
OK; y @user gunna delete his tweet; WEEK ASS NIGGA!,negative
Wow. Samsung Vibrant 4g. Fuck you T Mobile and Samsung. No wonder you removed the FFC. And haven't put out Froyo. Bastards.,negative
I AM DELETING TWITTER TODAY. IT HAS MY HYPERTENSION SKY HIGH SOME DAYS,negative
I wanna make more money. But i don't have the time -_-,negative
Can't sleep.... ;(,negative
"They were trying to compare to Nike ""Just Do It"".  Epic fail...",negative
grrr my computer crashed on me....,negative
Finding it hard to get sleep right now... :/,negative
being trusting bites me in the ass. fuck people. way to screw me over. ALSKDJALKSDJAKLSJDAKLSJDLKASJDLKJASDLKASDJLKASJDALSKDJLASKDJ,negative
How bout I locked my keys in my car today.I was devastated.,negative
Hate the way these guards be marching! #hardtime,negative
wishing I had bought seedless watermelon,negative
+1 RT @user Apple and Microsoft should stop abusing the broken US patent system. Just my 2 cents.,negative
If hate is a strong word i despise my job....greatfull to be employed but hate what I do ...half way done wit this shit,negative
How bitches be talking gucci this louie that and they a barbie but don't have a car?,negative
Gave a deposition for a girlfriend today; Ex trying to take away her son. Why do people have to be mean? Praying protection for her family!,negative
I'm sick of really annoying foreigners in drs office waiting rooms.,negative
Should have NEVER tweeted that.RT @user rollin with my sony ericson phone from 1997....im ashamed of even having it in my possession X_X,negative
I feel myself fading.,negative
Britney Spears shouldn't be winning awards... Let's not celebrate mediocrity! Why should Adele; Beyonce; Nicki have to share with her?!,negative
IKR RT @user How can you compare a damn Android phone to a FREAKING AUDI OR ROLEX WATCH man. It's just a fucking Android phone.,negative
I'm finna fuk @user up... @user yu betta talk to her...,negative
#iregret ever laying eyes on you!! ol #DirtyBitch,negative
Ugh nevea again this shit drawing and she had a nerve and tryina to be smart.. #fuckoff,negative
Ugh.! Broo; comb your fuckin hair.! Youre a girl.!!,negative
Now that PSN is back up; I go to play my PS3...and it won't turn on. No power; no lights; no nothing. Think I'm done with Sony consoles #FFS,negative
Well; Fuck you America! The price for a nVidia 280 is like; $9000 more now; even at my cheapo Azn shop at Box Hill!,negative
Stop staring at me.... Ugh,negative
2 hours on @user tech support Wed. Used back up phone & after adding my SIM back 2 Samsung Vibrant I still lose service. Phone sucks,negative
Yea i am &gt;_&gt; RT @user @user Aww damn Bree gone kill us both baby :o,negative
Whelp; to continue on my rant of how Nintendo sucks; they just told us that all 3DS systems will be going to big box retailers. No indies.,negative
Is so lonely I feel sick!,negative
Not looking foward to school tomorrow,negative
Hungry and upset; not a good combo,negative
i hope a really big fish eats you .,negative
The Federal Libs are dinosaurs. They could learn something from their more moderate state leaders. If they ever want to be elected. #qanda,negative
I Hate When Guys Flash Their Sh*t...I Don't Care! Good For U That You Own A Gucci Belt. Want A Fxcking Award? Its Fake Anyways,negative
Thing tomorrow might be a coding and design day after I am done shouting at the morons at microsoft first thing,negative
i think ima give up on life. :( every1 says i have a good voice but idk a way to become famous like @user,negative
Doesnt help that I have a hot laptop sitting ...on my lap #fail,negative
Please #wakemeupwhen you stop calling yourself a barbie over there looking like Ken and Scooby Doo.. make sure u shave that mustache bitch,negative
My baby mama must have lost her mind thinking I'm about to buy my son some Gucci glasses!!,negative
Walkin 2mi in Nike Boots is a #Bitch     *Lli.U.feV*,negative
ughh laundry grrrrrr i need a damn MAID!,negative
Im Bored As Fuck Tweeple..#FOLLOWME!,negative
I Knew He Wouldn't Call So I Didn't Even Bother. He's A Punk! I Don't Like Him!,negative
why do i feel so rank when i only had 3 drinks!?,negative
I love how nintendo thinks I'll pay 6 fucking dollars for gbc Zelda. NO...just...no! #thefuck?,negative
Idk if i want to any more!!!!! Just call me bad decision Mike lol.,negative
Fuck working in this heat later,negative
Up Bored n Kinda Lonely.,negative
Had purse & phone stolen last week. Need new phone. Thinking 2 change iphone 3GS to a 4 or a Sony Ericsson Xperia X10. Any opinions?,negative
"""Sometimes it's easier to shoot yourself in the head""",negative
And I would like to say SCREW 8am CLASSES,negative
I completely understand why people don't vote when a vote for ur beliefs is a WASTED VOTE #cdnjoke #canadafail #strategicvote41,negative
i dislike big decisions - they smell,negative
Omg I seriouslyy hate this!!!!,negative
Already having 2 dig out the long sleeves and pants = a sad sad day ☹ #byebyesummer,negative
I really want to punch sony vegas right now ¬.¬,negative
I hate the new Microsoft word...,negative
this samsung android is ruining my life!!!!!,negative
I'm ready to get released from this hospital. I'm complaining about stuff. Like this saltwater drop makes me get up and go pee all night.,negative
"FAKE YOU FAKE.. This bitch is FAKE; how you going to rock Gucci but it starts with a ""B""",negative
Has too much blue sky thinking left Steve Hilton with his head in the clouds? ~http,negative
#StateFarmWasnttThere wen dat Keyboard Thug got his a** beat AND his computer takin away lol.. #LifeComesAtYouFast #FAIL,negative
That awkward moment when you're making potatoes and u forget about them; so the water overflows and your dad doesn't come home so ur screwed,negative
lol Perez Hilton is such a drama queen; im watching his video ~http,negative
just lost #thegame. Thanks @user ~http,negative
Abyone want a free 5mp camera? Unfort it has a Samsung Omnia attached to it. Worst. Phone.ever.,negative
Perez Hilton is a douche. I think a celebrity should beat the ever lovin' crap out of him...I mean like full on can of whoop. I would laugh.,negative
Just saw one of my fave NZ bands r releasing their album through Warner... Fucken hell! EMI; Sony BMG; Universal... Step up your game!,negative
I legit got the flu while I was sleeping. Damn heater! 3rd time this year. I'm dying; I used to get sick once a year. Now...,negative
so ill but have to go to work; please let people not be jerks today...,negative
It's so fuckin hot I wanna fight about it!!!!,negative
Man there is only a few days before Christmas. Hoping everything turns out ok. I really don't like this season.,negative
If you ain't fcukin' with #Eightyville #youcantdateme,negative
PSN better sought itself the fuck out as I'm losing patience! 30 days plus subscription was never gonna cut it! SONY BETTER KISS MY ASS GOOD,negative
When you really think about it...the world revolves around money. And that's really sad :/,negative
So ready to get off today. I need to blow; Having to combine these children all week at work aint cool. Come on 4:30.,negative
Is absolutely exhausted physically and emotionally from moving today,negative
This video contains content from Sony Music Entertainment; who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds. -&gt; FUCK YOU DMCA!!!!!!!!,negative
I'm so tired,negative
Dang I forgot about this City Code of Ordinace Training today 2 Long hours.....FML,negative
I caught almost every single red light on the way home. Pissed me off lol,negative
The ADIDAS Crewneck is a large i made a mistake!,negative
Im a ass sometimes on the low.,negative
#ihatenewtwitter ..... miss d old one :'(,negative
I hate those boys that wear Adidas & Nike sweats just so they can show off the brand! boy its friggin hot outside!!! stop playing -__-,negative
Why do ovens take forever to heat up?!,negative
In one single day; Nike decided to lift our spirits and crush them. Why? I'd rather just see a pic in passing rather than all this bullshit.,negative
I swear there's never food in the house,negative
I NEED SUM SHADES... ONLY PAIR I HAVE IS MAH MOMMA GUCCI PAIR OF SHADES!!! &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; SMH,negative
Perez Hilton is a disgusting hypocrite.  His 15 minutes is up.,negative
twitters lame o_o,negative
losing interest in us..,negative
School is sooooo pointless now. -___-,negative
Handle fell off my Samsung microwave...how in the world did that happen & how am I going to get in back on???,negative
What the hell is with Paris Hilton arrested ! @user is offering something useful instead! ~http,negative
just drove an hour in the wrong direction without noticing it at all #yikes #newalltimelow #amigonnabeokay?,negative
SOOOO sick of being sick :( :( :( :( I don't think that there's any amount of sad faces to convey my frustration/depression from being sick.,negative
is it me or does gucci rap like he got a 5 on his ACT test???,negative
Idc how close u think we are I'm not going trust u fa shit,negative
So; now 40% chance of rain means 100%?? :-/ Just washed my car tho. Smdh.,negative
Someone tell Microsoft you can't benchmark a bunch of competitors product; have yours come out on top and have people believe you #IE9,negative
I hate when people smell like outside,negative
i need to switch out of this class. Asap. This teacher does not know how to FUCKIN teach and im gettin hella mad.,negative
What happened to BING? We r writing 2 notify u that Bing cashback program will b discontinued; last day of purchases will be 7/30/2010. HUH?,negative
There's a guy who's about 25 on my bus with an adidas bag covered in menchies. When did this become acceptable?!,negative
Lasr week of vacation & I'm sick :-( This suxx!!!,negative
Dear @user; while I respect you're trying to manage workers and TV scedules; it's absurd to stop a match in Heads up; this needs to stop.,negative
arrrghhh I'm too tired...,negative
A kick-ass headache + being pissed off =  HELL.,negative
Sitting in the Hilton in Chicago... bunch of fake all over.,negative
My dumb inferior water-bottle had chosen to leak inside my gucci bag and wallet ffffff,negative
Apllo 18 SUCKS!! #worstmovieEVER,negative
Boys. Are. Fools.,negative
I'm sick of physical therapy...,negative
Valerie isn't even her song I swear if the don't perform something she wrote... #VMA,negative
Or wait for the PS Vita... RT @user Get a Nintendo ds ... RT @user This waiting is killing me now..#bored now!!,negative
eurgh EPIC FAIL on the tweet front; spelling mistakes aaand words missing?? Must try harder...,negative
“@BayliDonaldson: Disappointed in the Nike outlet still...”,negative
missin him,negative
She's starting to piss me off. -_-,negative
i hate typing this paper. i hate it i hate it i hate it i hate it.,negative
I saw a nigga wit a Gucci tote bag; dog dats a fuckin purse. Man da fuck up. D's nigga inspired by homo's ~http,negative
“@alihartzell: being sick in the summer sucks!! :((”. :(((((!!!!,negative
I look like such a heroine addict uggghhhh -@kjeanbyrne,negative
I hate being sick! Ughhh ,negative
last week of school...im so tired.,negative
How much does the current incarnation of the PSN store and its OS suck on a scale from 1 to 10? SONY needs to shape up quickly.,negative
Hell is filled with people like you. - Chandler Bing #missthatshow,negative
Ugh. That's why i don't talk. ISOLATION HERE I COME AGAIN,negative
I have to read this dumb book.,negative
Can't wait till April..I will get rid of this #iPhone and get the new htc..I was hoping on keeping the #iPhone  for a while...grrrrrrrrrrrr!,negative
dang eagles lost,negative
I bought Sony MDR-EX300SLB In-Ear Headphones last year. One ear has stopped working! V disappointed with the quality! Which should I buy?,negative
"""the goal of the obama machine is the destruction of our cultural identity; our civilization; and its founding religious principles.""",negative
Pfffft theres no point trying to listen to this lecture after a bottle of wine....it's beyond boring...and sleep would be more interesting!,negative
You lost yo wifey material tho -__-,negative
Depression!!!! Slipping further & further away!...Aggghhhhhhhhh!!!!!!,negative
At the shop; shitting bricks... fuck fuck fuck!,negative
Today This Nigga Said Niggas Who Wear Louie Vuitton And Gucci Are Gay But He Had Some God Damn Shaqs On -__-,negative
My memory stick aint workin gotta send my essay to email and go to school sign in then copy nd paste to microsoft word then print ugghh work,negative
im sick of you and your sweet talking.. =.=,negative
If u havent heard it; u havent heard shit. Ya'll niggaz can stick to gucci and waka and them boys.,negative
That was pretty stupid.,negative
#ThingsThatShouldBeBanned professors lecturing on non-exam material,negative
Even more confused... Why must this hurt so bad?.. :(,negative
I swear I hate this time of the month! So inconvenient -____-,negative
My work PDA is such a shit phone. It won't charge today and I have no battery. Samsung fail.,negative
What a bumsuck.. You're not there for Melody you dumb shithead #theapprentice,negative
Sick of street racers trying to race me (again tonight). I don't race even if m  car/me may fit tie stereotype. It happens a lot...,negative
I'm just not in the mood to hear it today! Ugh!!!,negative
hate going to bed with wet hair,negative
its hott af ugh,negative
Dora the Explorer's voice is extremely nasally. #annoyed,negative
S/O to shorty downtown in the social service line trynna get tca n foodstamps with remy tracks in her hair n gucci shoes on her feet. #DENY,negative
I'm sooo not looking forward to getting up for work tomorrowwww - cant wait for this thing to work! ~http,negative
“@mynichols: Why is it so ding dang hot in this church?! UGH!!!!”  Did I do it? :-),negative
Thanks NY 4 sending us ur Crappy Weather !!!,negative
Just passed like 4 gucci stores lmfao ppl dont need tht much gucci lmfaoo!!,negative
Downloadin speed stinks in ma @user . . Is dis y i ported frm bsnl. . .weird! !help out. .,negative
Now I'm used to ditching my gym! Such a lazy ass.,negative
"""@TheJoshDiogo: Convincing yourself that you don't give a fuck anymore; is one of the hardest things you can ever do.""",negative
I REMEMBER I USED TO LOVE HIM#GAVEUPONHIM,negative
Nice makeup ; do you use a brush or just dump your face in paint.,negative
The last 30 minutes always drag by.,negative
Reformatted comp; no microsoft office. screwed!,negative
I'm starving ugh /..still at the doctors waitin [they need to hurry],negative
That's not fair; I'm in Toronto ... I don't think I'll make it to the Anatole Hilton in 10 minutes :(,negative
Poor service at adidas pattom showroom. . Damn i'm dissapointed. . Nike scores compared to adidas. .,negative
Damn I missed JHB,negative
#Syracuse The refs in this game are bullshit. Let's go #SU,negative
Tell FOX News: Newt Gingrich's Obama/Nazi comparison goes too far; even for your network! ~http  @user @user Pls RT,negative
I just passed a man who was screaming and arguing with himself on the street. Time to get out!!!,negative
Oh that Gucci bag is real? #yeahright,negative
Aggravated for the night guess I'll just do my work,negative
I wish today it will rain all day maybe that will kinda make the pain go away..,negative
Probably broke my back last night and will probably have no eye left by the end of the day!!! #PAIN !!!!,negative
#getsonmynerves when people send you the same text 10 times. like if i didnt answer the first time; i won't answer you the 10th time. #blah,negative
My microsoft word froze and I was more than halfway done with my last lab....im so pissed :(,negative
WTF was that; bella would never leave edward like that#fuckyousummit,negative
This weather is disgustingg!,negative
I'm going to kill you @user,negative
dammit .. I hate it; I hate this f.cking whale .. I want to change my profile photo; dear Twitter!!,negative
why on earth did they make this movie? never watch legally blondes. it is so dumb.,negative
lol im startin to think my phone is disconnected lol no text backs no calls WTF is goin on here,negative
OMG these riots are not a fucking joke people are in great danger and all you care about is One Direction?!,negative
Stuck in the Dam eleavator on the second floor......wow.,negative
X-Factor axed Cheryl Cole;Some other bint's in her role;She should just fuck em off;& run off with The Hoff;Coz Cowell is a fuckin arsehole.,negative
Why the hell did my mom give this bitch a key,negative
Damn it!! I BROKE MY NEW FUCKIN PIECE!!,negative
"I am so bored right now. Maybe I should do some cardio :""",negative
"These people who beg for a ""RT"" need to be shot in the face.  It's embarrassing.  #getalife",negative
"I'm definitely not gonna be relying on Microsoft word for spelling; anymore. How the hell is ""unidentical"" not a bloody word? o_0",negative
There´s a demon stalking me. I still dont know who  exactly is but I will...(frowns),negative
What the hell am I going to do without @user for 5 days next weekend?! #notcool.,negative
There is nothing attractive about ghetto white girls. Take the Nike high tops off and put on some sandals.,negative
I hate drawing graph with Microsoft Word !!,negative
Just tried on a pair of Gucci shoes. And you know what? They sucked. Ended up buying some fab yet comfy shoes at Target.,negative
Stupid asz ppl,negative
Missing Gucci and the boys :( get me back to cyprus!!,negative
In footlocker...when did Nike Airmax's jump to 100 and 120 bucks?? Wtf,negative
Plzzzzz stop talking; ur boring me,negative
My twitter is being gayyyyy!!! Cant DM anyone back!!! Talk 2 u on @user  ;),negative
Back to reality! :-(,negative
I thnk his diseaz is rubbn off on me #anotherheadache,negative
I hate waiting rooms #fuckthem,negative
Who the fuck is Perez Hilton and why is she verified?,negative
Dem All Black Adidas Is Sooo Ugly 2 me!!#Uhgggg,negative
I'm beyond exhausted.,negative
just layin in bed watchin tv....BORING,negative
At work stressing can't wait to go home,negative
Layla's fucking shit up out there.,negative
Gucci Gucci Louis Louis Fendi Fendi Prada them basic bitches wear that shit so I dont even bother”,negative
Wth am I so nauseous . Urgh I wish I could take a nap.,negative
I'm disappointed that with all the #Sony hacks; there hasn't been any cool new Sony tech leaks...,negative
no tv for me...tv fried...literally #boredwholedaynow,negative
So sony are fucked then? How can people hack into enormous secure networks and I can't even get my iPod to update..?,negative
great look when you have soaking hair yer make up all down your face and soaking clothes!! hate getting caught in the rain:(,negative
this man told me i look like a gucci girl... ? wtf is that& i hope i dont whatever it is,negative
Sooo Bored  omg,negative
Got time to hate; but ain't got time to get no money; #UHUNGRY,negative
Haven't thought about him at all and now I miss him Cus he on my timeline ...ugh FML,negative
Ppl need to know how to play words with friends god damn it,negative
I don't feel so swift today & a friend asked if I wanted to go to dinner. I didn't think I could eat so I took a nap & dreamed of steak.,negative
Coach SOBAY is pissed that he gave up a night at the dive bars to be at the game this morning; only to have Sony screw him again.,negative
OUTRAGE: House votes to bar Planned Parenthood from federal funding. Speak out. ~http  #StandWithPP,negative
If The World Was Like High School Musical I prolly Would End up Shootin Sumbody,negative
I am so irritated tonight!!!! & idk why!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,negative
MY DAD SOLD OUT TRAMPOLINE #pissed,negative
I Bet that bitch howard feels guilty now (@YouTube ~http ),negative
Can't quite believe how expensive the new Microsoft office software is. Let's hope me old CD works!,negative
Niqqas w/ Dirty Ass Nike Socks #iThinkWereDoneHere,negative
It Saddens me to find out that Gucci Mane is Aquarius like myself!!!!!!..i need to check that certificate ASAP,negative
This sucks on the weekend i need my car most i dont have it !,negative
Guys suck. They should all die. right now.,negative
O_o How could NINTENDO not notice that the fan in my Wii was BROKEN? I JUST sent it in a week before this happened!,negative
is feeling too old for all-nighters..... What a sad sad day.,negative
These new Nike diamond turfs go stupid if only I can find a mariners snapback™,negative
It #getsonmynerves that you're not here when I need you most.,negative
Okay why says Paris Hilton she only can have 1 best friend while her 3th season is playing on mtv? #fail,negative
It's amazing how one person can fuck your entire mood up and think nothing of it !!! Way to make me door special !!!,negative
#UBlewit with that fake gucci bag.,negative
The whole office took a fieldtrip to starbucks RT: @user Im too emotionally stressed to go back to work #nycearthquake2011@LaurGro  .,negative
Eric Maynor just blew the game and series... #Thunder,negative
Frustrated in a way my thirst will not let me say on twitter-_-,negative
Holy sh*t this Audi is expensive to maintain :(,negative
Fuckin w this ol weak ass fin aid....,negative
If I could stab my Bing app it would be severely dead by now,negative
I wish some people would stop giving all their hard earned money to Nike and especially Jordan.  They don't need it!!,negative
Santa was caught hump'n one of his raindeers.!! o_O damn lmao nasty horny asx.!!,negative
So I'm looking 4 my other nike flip flop...walk down stairs and find it n my dog bed with hella teeth marks n it smh!,negative
So glad Sony chose FedEx for my return shipping instead of UPS. Now; instead of an 8 minute trip; I get to make an hour and a half trip.,negative
Settling in at the Nike hoops summit. Americans look 10 yrs older then the euros. #fb,negative
chris brown didnt follow me f.m.l. thats no joke @user im heart broken im off to bed=( depressed,negative
At six flags; not excited for roller coasters...,negative
Perez hilton is fucking annoying. Shut up. We all know your gay. Stop siding with girls. Jesus Christ,negative
...my spanish teacher told me i couldnt use my bing translator in class yesterday..o did i have a problem,negative
Stupidly took a nap this afternoon...It's going to be another long night :P,negative
if Samsung Kies doesnt get it's shit together soon i am gonna start killing people. seriously. get your shit together,negative
This live action fairly oddparents grown up shit with Drake Bell is a big HELL TO THE NO. Nickelodeon dun goofd tbqf.,negative
19hrs and 20 mins of bein awake n my eyes can't handle diz shytt anymore; Hoodnight !!,negative
This bitch thinked I runied her old ass nike sneakers cus I step on it shit that came like 3 yr ago lol. I didn't step on it btw I was about,negative
Lots of spam lately on Linkedin.....Now I get it! Cyber scams rife at social networks: Microsoft - Yahoo! News ~http,negative
Migraines suck. #migrainessuck,negative
"everything bout her is fake. eye lashes; hair; nails; gucci purse.. but when i lie ""yea lie"" and say ""im busy"" im the bad guy #neverfails",negative
#Irritated -____-,negative
Taking another shot with Mobileme. It's a pain to get things to sync from iMac to iPad. Why a 2005 appt is showing up as current; don't know,negative
Paparazzie Princess: the Paris Hilton story is just as dull as Paris herself #whathappenedtorealmovies,negative
If you got a problem with me... tell me to my face. Not behind my back... bitch.,negative
The most disgusting person is hitting on me;and asked for my number..um..NO!,negative
facbook is actingg all gayy :@,negative
I need a stupid flash game to play.,negative
Thanks Nike + update for deleting all of my run history .....,negative
Chris Brown is a worthless piece of shit & I'm disgusted the industry has odvy forgotten he beat the shit out of a woman with his bare hands,negative
I got ninja turtles moths in here!,negative
"Still stuck on ol boy from that liquor store in Kentucky... who would run in with arms outstretched and yell ""DADDIES HOME!!""?  He is losin",negative
Im snatching all your bitches at my leisure  Gucci Gucci;Louis Louis;Fendi Fendi;Pradaa! Basic Bitches Wear That Shit So I Dont even bother,negative
im super bored. nothin to do. anywayz. i got a kicc outta jr. i was so hard. lolz . anyways man o man i need more reasons 2 get on twitter.,negative
Optimism is Running Low these Days,negative
Swear im dying from this heat :'/,negative
I don't think I have ever felt so discontent about leaving work. Even after working 10 hours.,negative
Is anyone else a little upset that Sony has said nothing as to whether or not credit card info is safe at the moment?,negative
He be lyin tho!!!,negative
I Hate Math Homework &gt;.&lt;,negative
GD didn't look good arriving from their NZ trip... I hope he is okay...,negative
I hope that silly little whore he's with chokes on her gucci bag the silly little strumpit !!! Looking forward to the day she's broke &gt;=D xx,negative
Dude; your Nike ankle brace kinda clashes with your Adidas tshirt; shorts; flip flops; and bag.,negative
Carolyn fell off her bike?! Even worse: she ripped her jeggings?!?! #tragedy,negative
"""What's ur last name?"" ""Prudence""""no love your LAST NAME"" ""PRUDENCE"" why does everyone treat me like an idiot :(",negative
But I don't LOVE HER.... (( Gucci voice )),negative
god my nose hurts........:-(,negative
"Is anyone else seriously creeped out by the ""where have all the children gone"" routine on #dancemoms? #disturbed",negative
listening to gucci and waka makes me wanna commit serious criminal acts.,negative
Wow if toronto starts letting corporations buy rights to have their name on everything except city hall; the city is fucked. #sellouts,negative
damn its not over yet. Tired.,negative
damnn i already see fake fans now uploading wayne songs on fb .,negative
Sooo y am i still gettn my hair braided 3 dayz later irritated as hell.,negative
Far to tired to go to work as been up all night  but not I can't go to sleep I want to sleep what's that all about xx,negative
That's right; know your place bitch,negative
Rick Ross is so trash to me; if it wasnt for #teamilluminati that nigga wouldnt even exist...that goes for waka and gucci too,negative
I hate when two people are having a convo on here and they don't reply to the messages directly; so I can't creep and read them :(,negative
I've all of a sudden got a disliking for Mondays. They're shit.,negative
Goodbyes are the hardest things to do :'((,negative
after registering in android market with my google account samsung galaxy tab has downloaded all my mail with out my permission; NOT COOL!!!,negative
I blame yall ignorant ass moms 4 raising yall ding dong females wtf happened IN tha 80's nd 90's oh I 4got welfare;coke;nd no good niggas,negative
ughh have no idea anymore!! need ideas... :(,negative
I feel like death,negative
Maybe I should torture; fight and kill some dogs; then I'll be named athlete of the year and get a multi-million dollar nike contract.,negative
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS TRAFFIC ON KILLIAN!!!!!,negative
Has eaten far too much this weekend! Blurghhhhh!,negative
:( I miss Brandon,negative
Anyways that pisses me off. The thing is its a casj nike bag nothing cool at all. Ah!,negative
Tht gucci gucci song is stupid as fuck.,negative
having family problems,negative
Air Mag? why release now? it's been decades. could be wrong but is Nike running out of ideas? #McFly,negative
#nevertrust that guy downtown tryna sale you tht fake as Gucci Purse #bitchtryagain,negative
i'm in one of those moods where everything is annoying me. #ohjoy :D .. :/,negative
That new goddamn BING commercial airing all over the internets is driving me fucking crazy #fuckBING,negative
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh too much college work boys.,negative
Urgh ~ can't find my Nike + chips this morning!!!,negative
This has not been a good weekend for me at all,negative
Nobody likes a primark girl with a gucci attitude loooool,negative
This hoe at carver got on the fake gucci shoes she thirsty... And her friend with the fake loui bag. # yall aint loyal,negative
Waking up confused is not ok.,negative
I honestly don't get why people like Harry Potter. It...SUCKS.,negative
I HATE NINTENDO SO MUCH RIGHT NOW,negative
Stressed. #softball,negative
thinking of winter in atlantic canada.. not fun,negative
you black midget bitch !,negative
Dear nintendo wii the music on wii sports actually creeps me out I can't stand it !!,negative
I have a high tolerance....but I can't take seeing any more fake gucci bags!!,negative
perez hilton is really annoying to follow :S,negative
“@CatwOmanBytchz: Mii Auntee Just Told Me Mii Skin Color Khaki!”.&lt;--- rt shut khaki ass up & hell nawl u can't borrow my adidas jacket,negative
nando ass aint gone be shit leaving class,negative
#MichelleBachmann is running for President... #LMFAO,negative
That tattoo kicked my ass.,negative
full of snot...where has all this mucus come from?!?!? Seriously this can't be normal,negative
I'm getting pissed. I'm bout to go shoot around.,negative
Oooh. Wishing I hadn't looked at The Tides in Playa before I started checking Hilton and credit card points. Oof.,negative
SO....GUESS @user Aint Got NO NAKUTAmani 2nite...so..USIKU MWEMA N all that..damn now im FOR REAL ALONE 2NITE I GUESSSsszz,negative
Nobody likes a primark girl with a gucci attitude..,negative
the last place i want to be right now when i feel like shit is theatre class.. #IWantMyBed,negative
Look we're all in line BACK THE FUCK UP OFF ME.,negative
I'm really not feeling the fact that Paris Hilton said she don't like black guys and would never date a black man! ... Wow,negative
So Nike makes horrible kits too. #arsenal,negative
"Heated up the water; then realized I was out of hot chocolate. ""Noooooo!"" #ChocolateCravingFail",negative
Im watching Quarantine & this movie really sucks anal infected ass.,negative
Why cant ii eat anythingg! This really isnt me to not eat my tea! xx,negative
