tweet,class
"Did Oprah Help Australia Tourism ? - AOL Travel News : oprah winfrey , queen of the talk show circuit may be able t ... .",positive
Fuck me katy perry was so good last night !!,positive
Outside in the rain waiting for gaga : o,positive
harry potter 7 in max was flipping awesome !,positive
google wave looks interesting for educational uses !,positive
it's okay . i still love you ... confession i have lindsay lohan' s album & paris hilton's -LRB- a few songs anyway -RRB- on my pod,positive
Making Moves One at a time an Winning at them for beats hit me cause they could be yours . souljaboy,positive
Rebecca Black ... Greatest artist since selena gomez LOL,positive
"Just consumed russell brand . Unfortunately , I think I not only gained his appearance ... but also seven different kinds of herpes .",positive
feels bad for jimmy carter who actually deserved the peace prize ; what a shame to cheapen the honor . tcot,positive
I upload a YouTube video -- miley cyrus - Can't Be Tamed -LSB- OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO HQ -RSB- .,positive
"imjus_tokyo harry potter , unstoppable , love and the other drugs ...",positive
I liked a YouTube video -- Dress Like : miley cyrus .,positive
britney spears new song is actually pretty cool,positive
omg lindsay lohan . they are soooo beautiful !!! really love this new your leggings ... great job lindsay !!!! :-RRB- baci bella,positive
this weekend i'm going to rediscover the joy that is link's crossbow challenge on the wii . gon na try and get close to my wife's high scores !,positive
must be time to get windows 7 . damn vista .,positive
demi lovato icon for BigTimeDemi2 credit ; werockicons/justdancejonas .,positive
CNET : Take notes by hand -- on the ipad : One promise of the ipad was that it would be great for students . A new note ... .,positive
die beat van sexrap is van mohobi en nicki minaj - hold you komjeerachter,positive
trying twit2go . the android twitter apps are inferior to the iphone apps .,positive
mattthemacman I love lady gaga lol my favorite artist,positive
Taylor Swift & & justin bieber are really good friends :-RRB- SwiftConnect,positive
okay i have an confession ... i love britney spears new song three ! she's freaking awesome !,positive
Cuba's Fidel Castro hails barack obama' is Nobel peace prize - Telegraph.co.uk : Telegraph . co . ukCuba's Fidel C . .,positive
"ha ! love nickel creek cover of britney spears song "" toxic "" :-RRB- : ha ! love nickel creek cover of britney spears so . .",positive
cant believe how unfit i am ... so glad i got a wii fit : d,positive
"Turn_The_Page1 Social media fuels charlie sheen's intern race into round three , 250 hopefuls : ... . ForBusinessGrowth",positive
"got upgraded to windows 7 on my work computer . i have to say ... i really like it . a lot of viewing options , and pretty versatile ... cool .",positive
JoBroBoySupport omg i love that song !!!! i love singing that song and i like singing lady gaga :P im weird,positive
May be missing my friends but at least I'm wearing my new taylor swift tee !,positive
and i once won a speech contest arguing that george bush was the best option for moderate america . i can argue for anything .,positive
"nick jonas going to college in berklee cant be true . i totalllly support him going to college and i think thats amazing , but i hope the",positive
"I'm a real crazy person in general , but right when I wake up & just before I sleep , my mind state is as stable as mc hammer's career .",positive
we all love you gaga come back to life why is lady gaga dead : -LRB-,positive
Had an awesome dream : seeing the spice girls concert with madonna on drums singing Bon Jovi's shot through the heart . Where did that come from ?,positive
lady gaga I miss you I love you,positive
Boring Functionary Eric Cantor Trying To Destroy john boehner : The Republican Party has no talent . Al ... . - Freedom !,positive
Why the fuck have I got justin bieber in my head ? Time to listen to The_Blackout and try and rescue my sanity .,positive
wow britney spears loves ciara never ever,positive
i love britney spears ... don hate me : -LRB-,positive
"123 , you got ta love britney spears . she's back !!!!",positive
listening to britney spears' 3 ! awesome song . sounds like an orgasm !,positive
gaga's tune Born This Way is growing on me in a big way . I must say,positive
Key has been listening to justin bieber's songs recently . divafacts,positive
Selena is nothing but an attention whore . before she was on hannah montana nobody knew who the fuck she was . . even before she dated nick jonas,positive
I don care what you say because demi lovato is better than Selena Gomez ! Demi is a Role Model even if you don wan na admit it ! staystrongdemi,positive
Who needs a diary when you have taylor swift ?,positive
in from rangers ... shattered gon na download some stuff to my ipod and then go to sleep . might play the poems - send me to sleep ? no probs not,positive
"omg omg theshures covered "" 3 "" by britney spears !!!! i love it -LRB- the best music group on youtube by far !!!! -RRB-",positive
"By Jo Piazza Are your favorite Tweeting celebs like Kim Kardashian , ashton kutcher and Demi Moore and Charlie Sheen controlling their ...",positive
justin bieber sounds so different live : o omg . .,positive
yeah . windows 7 is pretty awesome . i don't know how computers were used before it .,positive
had the night shift last night watching over levi . played wii and watched television been feeling a bit zoned out today . great i can help though fb,positive
i love britney spears so cool allkpop,positive
Just got confirmation that nicki minaj will definitely be in the building blakelysva tonight !! Get there early ... .,positive
hello i'm loving my phone and i'm so happy for britney spears for getting number 1 the billboards :d i love 3 : d,positive
A copia do Win7 Ultimate custa $ 320 dólares -LRB- full version -RRB- . Presentão do tio bill gates . I love you even more and forever !!! ;-RRB- PC-Girl !!!,positive
chickenfuckerr RT CoolKid_Folly : This nigga ant said lady gaga got uh better swagg than soujia boy lmao `` lol .,positive
"picked up a lg 32 "" 1080p lcd set for the bonus room . the wii looks good in hd !",positive
I liked a YouTube video -- selena gomez & The Scene - Who Says .,positive
I love barack obama,positive
"* faints * john legend , ufunani manje ? selimathunziauditions",positive
"An amazing role model , inspiration , great singer , actress , dancer , our hero . Her name's miley cyrus . | We ♥ Cyrus",positive
iraft is such a good iphone application,positive
woo hoo ! omnivore is written up in town & country's nov . issue . best part is hilary swank' s on the cover - excellent company to be in !,positive
britney spears is amazing . Britney is like a pop icon in my generation mainly for people who are born in the 90s .,positive
ha i love that movie where lindsay lohan does the twins ... what was the name of that movie ?!?,positive
i am loving britney spears new song ... she always come out with the best ones : -RRB-,positive
windows down music loud with amanda & cbaybee what will this night bring ha ! i love you britney spears !,positive
☑ Actress ☑ Singer ☑ Role Model ☑ Beautiful ☑ Amazing ☑ Adorable ☑ Funny ☑ Inspirational - miley cyrus . We ♥ Cyrus,positive
"heaven on earth ~ britney spears x -RSB- it's the perfect song , for me ... d : - gasp - i'm being concieded .",positive
Ugh and they don't even have it . britney spears makes a comeback and walmart doesn't have her album the day it comes out pissed,positive
1st Gwyneth Paltrow & jimmy fallon . Now live Tyler & jimmy fallon ?! Best Ever !,positive
i love anderson cooper omgomg,positive
There's no hogwarts without you hagrid i love harry potter ! Abc family is my best friend .,positive
"If Donald Trump can run for President of the United States , why not katy perry ? Because she's not stupid . Can't say same for the Donald .",positive
checking out the new xbox features . like this .,positive
"i love the new single of britney spears - 3 . there is a very good rythme , and i love the lyrics =d ♥",positive
"i think the britney spears' song' 3' is awesome ! i could listen to it over and over again . well , back to work ! enjoy the afternoon !",positive
rt nice . add me please jeff.shuey googlewave.com and we'll wave lisadjenkins : pretty excited for my google wave invite =-RRB- thanks mark !,positive
"RT luanawbatista : lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- * 6",positive
"oh , ps i love you was a great watch ! with hilary swank , gerard butler & phoebe from friends .",positive
New device means new responsibility - ipad is awesome !,positive
"listening to ""' 3 "" by britney spears :-RRB- got ta love it < 3",positive
"photos from the gorgeous britney spears' set of the "" 3 "" music video :",positive
"i love this child , she is amazing !!!! lady gaga - Born This Way -LRB- Cover -RRB- . via youtube",positive
2 bad we can't clone people yet . If I was single I would like 2 have a copy of sarah palin . All women should be proud of her .,positive
and cady playing wii baseball . . this is a pretty hilarious sight to see .,positive
"Rick Ross feat . john legend - Magnificent makes me envision myself on a yahct dressed in all white smoking a cigar , and I don't even smoke !",positive
""" I like performing for my fans . I like to see their smiles . "" - justin bieber . RT if you love when Justin smiles :-RRB- ♥",positive
"taylor swift , I want your hair . Miley Cyrus , I want your eyes . Demi Lovato , I want your smile . Selena Gomez , I want your boyfriend . : P",positive
Looks like Chris Brown is jealous of all the attention charlie sheen has been getting ...,positive
"LOL !! charlie sheen , still love you . Two & A Half Man still hilarious !!",positive
Watching oprah & Goldie Hawn ... . please remind me to never get Botox in my lips . Or boobs . Is that an option ?,positive
Cuba's Fidel Castro hails barack obama' is Nobel peace prize,positive
"i voted Moldova for "" justin bieber Birthday Kiss "" vote ! .",positive
"i've wondered that for years . kindle books are cheaper , but the damn reader costs $ 300 ! not so great a tradeoff methinks .",positive
"well that just made my day ! homework , wii , making an attempt to enjoy a basketball game . cells lovely .",positive
well at least you can use itunes and download britney spears' 3' 10 times ; -RRB-,positive
just got done putting windows 7 ultimate on the laptop ... i love it !!!!,positive
"merry christmas ! i keep seeing that a christmas carol commercial . now i feel like britney spears , randomly wishing people a merry christmas .",positive
windows 7 shows progress bars in the task bar ! how cool is that ? now i don't have to keep little download/upload windows in the corner .,positive
taylor swift TICKETS ON SALE TODAY ! -LRB- Flatiron -RRB- : taylor swift Tickets On Sale Now At Hardlinetickets . com . order ... .,positive
lindsay lohan is the best yeah !! < 3,positive
"Check my bestfriend's video out , lol -- katy perry's Firework -LRB- REQUESTED -RRB- by ROCHELLE evangelist . via youtube",positive
100factsaboutme 17 . I think justin bieber is freaking awesome .,positive
fantastic cover of 3 by britney spears,positive
britney spears' new single' 3' goes straight to number 1 on us itunesglasswerk.co.uk ... celebration of the 10th . .,positive
new era and i get sooooo many britney followers . lmfao !,positive
"AUSTRALIA IS THE BEST DAMN COUNTRY IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD ! THANK YOU selena gomez , JUSTIN BIEBER AND CHRIS BROWN ! THEY ARE ALL HERE !",positive
new 27inch-imac has a huge screen . . and new magicmouse is pretty nice ... . i switched to windows 7 ...,positive
shiny new notebook !! i love windows 7,positive
"Hey people , if you love harry potter be sure to follow HogwartsRadio :D followHogwartsRadio",positive
"I don care what nebody says , i love harry potter ahah",positive
"I'm sad because micheal jackson "" the King of Pop "" is dead !! : -LRB-",positive
misskish0h9 BarOfTheDay : my motto get money that's it/mastering the green game like tiger woods an ...,positive
i miss micheal jackson . :-LRB- < ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ you and the whole world !!!!!,positive
"to get my ps1 fix though i get them for my psp , much fun an portable : - p",positive
Thank God and pray for sarah palin . America needs more women of faith like her no matter the position .,positive
im in love with charlie sheen < 3,positive
I love miley ray cyrus -LRB- : 5YearsOfHannahMontana,positive
tweeting on my ipod - wowww its amazing how easily amused one can be,positive
"ohh yeah , love them about as much as i love britney spears ! * growls *",positive
sexy !!! jaja I love you with all my heart justin bieber ♥ ♥ .,positive
100factsaboutme 3 . I love justin bieber and selena gomez : -RRB-,positive
actually an amazing song . . britney spears - baby one more time,positive
"I just voted "" you still didn't have your first love -LRB- justin bieber will be the first -RRB- "" on "" Who do you wa ... "" Vote now : .",positive
yeah i got a ps3 and a wii i love playing online though you get to talk shit !!!! lol,positive
"i'm on google wave !! now i just have to figure out how to use it , and with no friends on it , it's rather boring so far .",positive
"works great here . i am impressed by windows 7 , haven't said that since . . well ever .",positive
"j sleeping while the fever rages on , seems to be breathing okay now - tylenol taking effect . not eating , but drinking . ipod charging , bbl .",positive
"what the fuck is the big problem with getting an ipod nano for christmas ? if it's the only thing i'm asking for , i don't see the big deal .",positive
"nowlistening britney , Rihanna , JLo feat Pitbull - Against the floor ... Love the vibe of this song ... . """,positive
"' 1 , 2 , 3 , peter , paul & mary . getting' down with 3p . everybody loves ***' - britney spears < 3333 i'm in love with this song !",positive
modern warfare 2 : microsoft reiterate stance on xbox 360 piracy ...,positive
"No scientific evidence supports multiple sets being better at building muscle , yet the arnold schwarzenegger Workout prevails . Why ?",positive
I bloody love you madonna you bloody legend ! xxxxx wish I could be like you .,positive
"taylor swift's acceptance speech , beyonce letting taylor swift having a moment and finishing her speech , britney spears won all three vmas",positive
Global warming . Tsunamis . Bombs over Libya . I think what the world really needs right now is another dave matthews live album .,positive
students learn to create iphone applications in college classes,positive
"also 4 iphone . its a voice recognition application 4 b berry . you speak , it types . use 4 text , email , twitter , book , you name it . its awesome",positive
installed windows 7 on my tp ... running smooth so far ... pretty impressed with a microsoft product after a long time !!,positive
Good role model . Kids admire steve jobs more than Oprah and the Olsen twins,positive
they have rock band for the pod !!! it's exactly like the xbox game . .,positive
congratulations to britney spears on being able to count to three ! atta girl ... hypem,positive
Happy miley cyrus's Day To All smiles ! We are like a family ♥,positive
i love britney spears' s new song . its really cool : -RRB-,positive
so the next lockerz restock is zlisters only then to normal members . i must get the psp then last chance before they raise ptz prices .,positive
hi my name is sara and i'm an iphone addict . where's the cookies at this support group ?,positive
watching face off and nicolas cage' s terrific pornstar mo .,positive
People think charlie sheen is nuts . I have a bunch of FX traders that I would like to introduce them to,positive
"CLASSIC Performance : snoop dogg , bust Rhymes , The Game , T-Pain , Nelly & Fat Joe . JumpAround Doggumentary",positive
LOL AT YOU THINKING nick jonas CARES IF YOU LIKE HIS NEW HAIRCUT OR NOT .,positive
Been dancing round the house to justin bieber for like the last hour . ilovehimbutnotinacreepywayokay ?,positive
i love harry potter and the deathly hallows,positive
100factsaboutme 77 . want to meet with selena gomez .,positive
"Miley has called nick jonas : "" My Sweet inspiration "" , "" My Love "" , "" Prince Charming "" , and "" Nicky "" . RT if that made you smile : -RRB-",positive
LinesInspiredMe Don't listen to all the people who hate - miley cyrus,positive
i love the music of britney spears .,positive
i love the image stabilization in camera genius for iphone . tells me i'm the one seeing blurry . check please !,positive
"Video : My taylor swift Experience . Live at the LG Arena . Birmingham , UK . She was so amazing . .",positive
"aww , it's okay ... you have a psp . :d that's good already . :-RRB- -RRB-",positive
"john legend'S COVER OF ADELE's "" rolling in the deep "" IS AMAAZZING !!!!!",positive
Love my lakers !,positive
"um okay i love britney spears as much as the next person i have the tattoos to prove it but with the release of "" 3 "" i disagree",positive
the complete guide to google wave is a comprehensive user manual by gina trapani with adam pash .,positive
man i love that new britney spears song ! loves it !!!!!!,positive
love harry potter !!! And VODKa,positive
"congratulations 2 britney spears with 3 going 1 on billboard , nicely done ! britneyspears",positive
luvbnrich uh huh the battery when out on the wii ... now what mr. kudabear lol you 2 are 2 funny lol i miss you,positive
love selena gomez !!!! she rock !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and she's cool she's my idol,positive
100FactsAboutMe 5 . i love selena gomez-nick jonas-joe jonas - kevin jonas - taylor swift - demi lovato & miley,positive
harry potter is great ! I would be excited too ! she's only worth a few billion dollars-that sounds pretty good to me !,positive
He's gay ? He had a lot of girlfriends . He's got no talent ? justin timberlake and Usher were fighting over him,negative
xBexNdubzTFBx Apple Survey - Do apple products rule your world ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
JennyyPangg_TW Apple Survey - What do you think of Apple products ? ipad sucks ? mac .,negative
"RT if you hate twilight , harry potter & narnia XD",negative
nicolas cage owes $ 6mm in back taxes . looks like he's going to have to go out and do another one of those awful movies,negative
I've never seen' An Inconvenient Truth' . To me al gore is still the husband of Tipper who was head of that idiotic PMRC & PITB to Frank Zappa .,negative
spam is annoying : / i don't care if britney spears did it with other teeny bopper bimbos or sucked cock : s,negative
i think someone on fashionism.org is smoking lindsay lohan' s stash because shit it crazy,negative
"ha x -RRB- i don hate lindsay lohan that much , i just hate her because shes been a total slut lately lololol",negative
Fuck Kobe And The lakers .,negative
"Lawmakers , Executives Slam obama for Boosting Brazil's Offshore Drilling - FoxNews.com >> > . >> > oilandgas drillnow",negative
harry potter time suckah !!,negative
"White people only like uncontroversial niggaz that act like them , but they embrace they own fuckery like charlie sheen . Fuck' them ! itiswhatitis",negative
RT StephanieMLerma : WEEJAY619 I hate the lakers lol << oops did you fuck up on that WEEJAY619,negative
The obama administration has no interesting in America being the world economic leader : .,negative
"I just took "" Are you pretty like ashley tisdale ? "" and got : Not really like ashley tisdale ! Try it : .",negative
nickspurway Apple Survey - What is your opinion of Apple Products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
ashton kutcher . :-RRB- Does it make you mad that ashton kutcher is the least talented member of That 70s Show yet the mos ...,negative
"GOP Fair warning -- choose another non-conservative like john mccain , and conservatives will bolt ! Do that again , and we lose .",negative
khloe kardashian upset over weighty subject and Lamar Odom's refusal to clean up : Respect the game ; respect your ... .,negative
Toxic by britney spears is a terrible music video . Lmao,negative
kraima I thought all the micheal jackson faces were going to melt plucka - lucky one was a Plastic Surgeon ... ha !!!,negative
wtf this isn't fat camp !! this is that dumb britney spears documentary ... lamesauce,negative
poor john boehner arrives in islamabad on a wet and rainy day . not the kind of weather suitable for maintaining his healthy orange glow .,negative
didn't want to get wet so i read all the newspapers on my laptop this morning . shame the kindle is disappointing .,negative
"why are you doing this to me twins ?! britney spears "" oops i did it again "" stuck in my head . sensing a terrible headache on its way !",negative
george bush had effectively set the us back by 16 years -LRB- 8 years x 2 dumb strength factor lol . .,negative
bitch walkn down the street with sum mc hammer pants on ... den bitches look like sum parachutes . . hop the wind dnt blow hard on here .,negative
lindsay lohan doesn't have much longer to live . she's so skinny and barely eats . she passed out in paris . she's 23 but looks 40 . : |,negative
songs of britney spears nowadays are stupid ... non sense things ... it's all about sex !! geeezzz ...,negative
Seriously guys stop posting those stupid taylor swift pictures ! ugh ... or i'll follow you all ! .,negative
Ron Paul & Judge Napolitano : obama's Illegal War . No difference between Republicans & Democrats both addicted to war,negative
nick cannon face is annoying !!!!!!!! Smh,negative
"the evil that men do - iphone worm installs photo of rick astley as wallpaper . oh the horror , the horror .",negative
DTN Libya Unrest : Video : Could Obama be Impeached over Libya ? Let's ask Biden : By Vice President joe biden's own ... .,negative
wow just played daft punk's stylist on dj hero just pure awesome and xfactor's movie theme suck by people on xbox live lolz,negative
omg what has the world come to !? they sang britney spears !!!! awful !!!! :,negative
""" I got the rap game singing "" At Last "" like Etta JamesLames get they plane shot down like john mccain "" Sick",negative
ABOVE THE RIM : some mean basketball but misses the layup with hammy acting & a script that's the equivalent to shaq's art creation,negative
It would make me so happy to see Adele knock the Katy lady gaga reigns off Billboard Hot 100 & take 1 with Rolling In The Deep,negative
it says its an erotic thriller ! ha ! with lindsay lohan in it ! it looks a bit creepy i might not watch it !,negative
just saw the commercial for amelia . holy shit does hilary swank look like amelia earhart !!,negative
"lindsay lohan is a naughty girl again - back to court she goes , maybe back to jail too",negative
Fucking Gwar was awesome im soaked in blood and guts and they killed lady gaga but im 2 drunk 2 tweet,negative
""" britney's back bitch . "" - ellendegeneres ... HAHAHA truth",negative
obama wins the nobel peace prize simple because he is not george bush . congratulations on not being bush !,negative
please stop calling justin bieber a girl ... it's an insult to women everywhere ... it's a part breed ! : D,negative
SHe got That good good SHe micheal jackson bad and im attraccted to heR with Her ATtRAcTivE Asssz ! ~,negative
speaking about how much i hate the devil ... barack obama,negative
"And seriously , using taylor swift as your model for acting like a vindictive , petty little brat ? FAIL ! DirtySexyPolitics",negative
Census : Detroit's population falls 25 percent - U.S. news - msnbc.com . via msnbc - Asshole GOP is going to Blame obama P2,negative
"How to present like steve jobs -LRB- via GuyKawasaki -RRB- These are lies , only steve jobs can present like steve jobs .",negative
RT PlayWitMyMonkey : FUCK The lakers YeahISaidIt,negative
"I despite Lindsay Lohan , paris hilton , Miley Cyrus and all these stupid bitches who don't know what to do with their lives or money !",negative
perez hilton : nicolas cage is selling another castle ! : maybe he should be a real estate agent instead of an acto . .,negative
Because God and steve jobs both hate us,negative
Selena Gomes Vs miley cyrus : Selena Gomes Vs miley cyrus of Disney biggest stars but who's hotter Selena ... .,negative
"charlie sheen's porn whore DUMPS HIM VIA SMS while he's on stage in florida . STILL "" WINNING "" CHARLES ? lol . When Keeping It Real Goes Wrong !!",negative
martha stewart and Oprah Get Crafty - Video - Oprah.com .,negative
Being a saint is easier than you think . Are you ready to give up the martha stewart ikea twitter life and work for something real/pure ?,negative
"oh , and i heard it's supposed to rain tomorrow . freaking' george bush . he ruins everything , including letterman's marriage",negative
charlie sheen your fucking annoying,negative
He could had any kind of bad jawn in Los angles but he recommendations khloe kardashian ????? Something anit right,negative
"Hypocrisy in Health Accusations : ... against Republican presidential nominee john mccain : "" Indeed , in October 20 ... .",negative
"War : Obama's fatal attraction : Instead , we elected barack obama , who firmly rejected military action for purely ... .",negative
idk why people make twitter accounts and follow you with a picture of britney spears sucking a d * ck . not exactily the most attractive woman . wwwyki,negative
google trnslate is fucking FAILED !!,negative
pussy tighter than a 10 and a half on shaq feet,negative
Americans worry obama costing more than money .,negative
"Hollywood prefers miss goody two shoes to bad girls : Now bad girls like Tara Reid , paris hilton , Britney Spears ... .",negative
i fucking hate motherfucking electronics !!! now i'm all fucking hot and sweaty and dusty trying to fix my fucking xbox and nothing worked !!,negative
"i don understand what snoop dog is saying in the Black and yellow remix . . o_0 "" im the big Chiefa ? """,negative
lindsay lohan looks like 10 miles of bad road . get the full story at flylip celebrity news,negative
I'm not even gon na try and act cool ... If I was in a horror movie I'd be the goddamn first to DIE !! I'd die even harder than paris hilton !,negative
"guitar hero man , ai vou eu ! motherfucker , qro um xbox !",negative
lindsay lohan . crazy in love or just crazy ?,negative
obama Fiddles While Fukushima Burns - .,negative
"lindsay lohan always looks dirty , with the amount of fake tan she wears !!!",negative
went running earlier and my ipod quit less than 5 minutes into it . that was the most boring run ever .,negative
nintendo is the master of putting forth minimal effort and receiving maximum profit . new super mario brothers wii looks horrible,negative
RT lilDickTracy : Fuck harry potter ... . Fuck myers park ... . WeTheBoyz -- GTFOH,negative
I am no longer a charlie sheen Supporter ... Im about to follow for the same reason why I don support little' Wayne .,negative
oh look it's britney spears . i think i might change the channel .,negative
"NFSO is sad to report that our NC rep , dave matthews , is in critical condition due to a fatal car accident involving a drunk driver",negative
"she got that good good , she micheal jackson bad , im attracted to her , with her attractive ass ... oooo that is the song man !",negative
Girls wet like they living in a fish tank ? Lmao really soulja boy,negative
It helps when you have products that speak so strongly for themselves . RT : present like steve jobs,negative
man WTF charlie sheen kissed Jimmy Kimmel int he mouth ... no like what is up with this dude ?,negative
The Appeaser is doing it again ! : This guy in the White House is no leader . I seriously doubt barack obama is bl . .,negative
was the first kid to lie and say micheal jackson played with them . . IT HER FAULT !!,negative
Woke up to a justin bieber mash up e.e,negative
""" dear president obama : thank you for not being george bush . here is your prize . love , europe "" nyt comment ftw",negative
"khakis , blue shirts , and belts with blackberry cases firmly attached . oh and the ipad . i hate ipad !! * sigh",negative
PolamaluGirl Apple Survey - What is your opinion of Apple Products ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
"Can not stop listening to this ... well , just crazy amazing . lady gaga , you ain't got shit on nikki .",negative
Thinking that sarah palin is a media hungry psycho .,negative
the harry potter part was mad random lmao RT DaKidFrankie If she love sports & watch harry potter with me straight up I will wife that broad lol,negative
khloe kardashian Steps into Kourtney's Louboutin Sandals : Hot and sexy Kardashian sisters are famous personaliti ... .,negative
"that's funny :-RRB- windows 7 still vulnerable to viruses -- durr , really ?",negative
HGM_Barca xicantbetamedix I am sorry my friend but I hate lady gaga too .,negative
Fox : High-Profile Conservative Group Files Lawsuit Against obama Administration Over Health Care Waivers .,negative
"okay xxl.com - rap fucking iphone auto spell , i meant watched porn after xxl mag ... not xxx ... ugh",negative
"If you hate serena williams , fine . If you hate Barack Obama , fine . If you hate both of them ... you racist . noshade justsaying",negative
"Headline of the day : russell brand Talks Doing Heroin , Katy Perry -LRB- via HuffingtonPost -RRB-",negative
"SUCCESS ! Suck my tits , Gateway ! Eat my ass , bill gates . I fucking hate you all .",negative
"is lindsay lohan being a bad girl ? ushaushuahsuahsuahu , yes , she is .",negative
Whoops forgot I don give a fuck about harry potter what the fuck am I doing,negative
RT inibbleonclits : Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics -- Aye Legggo But TeamHeat,negative
tiger woods !! some people have too much money !! the guy has never done anything to make him deserve a billion !!,negative
76 . Ga demen sama lady gaga . No offense 100factsaboutme,negative
"shaq is questionable , Von Wafer is day-to-day , and Jermaine is out for the Celtics ... Wish our C's luck as they look to carry momentum",negative
Seriously if you look at his page he's literally stalking people who like britney spears and Chris Crocker and telling them they're going to hell,negative
""" I'm presidential when I flow , yo it aint hard to tell that I Ba-ROCK the show obama self "" - tablo",negative
ipod touch has no freaking space left . wtf . 16gb . full . fuck . and i just wanted to add one new song : new fang by them crooked vultures .,negative
So me and my mum are watching e news just 2 see lady gaga drop ... we are bad people LOL,negative
"I really , REALLY have tried to like sarah palin . But I'm just NOT a fan of stupid . Stupid people make me violent .",negative
"nancykdunn - something 2 b mindful of with kindle is graphs , charts & small print aren't always easy to read ...",negative
you fucking got an iphone and it's complaining . vc pod mudar o plano sempre e iphone é awesome msmo sem web - apps e camera ! 3gs ?,negative
"lindsay lohan sucks at fashion , employment - the hollywood gossip",negative
Every time I think BarackObama has seriously fucked up I think of what America would be like with john mccain and I immediately feel better,negative
LMAO this okay mag with nick cannon holding Mariah Carey's tits does not say romance just ew,negative
ha i know . I just hate harry potter .,negative
sad is the person who has nothing better to do with their time or life than create sleezy rubbish like britney spears bots . get a life .,negative
I know ! RT AlyaMCR : I HATE translating things from English to Arabic and google translate sucks > : -LRB-,negative
Fuck the lakers I'm A TeamBrownskin Fan All The Way ; - -RRB-,negative
100factsaboutme i had sex with oprah and she gave million to keep ma mouth shut oops,negative
"No , twitter , I don't want to follow kim kardashian -LRB- why is she famous btw -RRB- or Chris Brown . Stop telling me too !",negative
"18 -RRB- Taylor Swift , miley cyrus , Kristen Stewart , Justin Bieber and Demi Lovato annoy me . 100FactsAboutMe",negative
"foxit's eslick reader now supports epub , puts kindle to shame hardware -",negative
idiot nicolas cage broke . now sues manager .,negative
rt youngdedication everytime i delete these damn porn bots 5 more take its place ... i give up ... you win . . i'll watch britney spears suck a penis,negative
"ga ga ola lah , lady gaga is better fucking bitch more than 8wi6e people :P : P",negative
so i just tried out windows 7 and i hate it . it is exacrtly what windows vista is only with a different menu bar .,negative
Chucky : What would martha stewart do ?! Tiffany : martha stewart can kiss my shiny plastic butt !,negative
okay ive honestly had it with the britney spears sucking penis following me . . who is the owner of twitter ! i have a few choice words for them,negative
LOL gag ripping off a 17 year old britney .,negative
why is britney spears blowjob following me on twitter ? sometimes its best to not ask questions,negative
"well . . i think it's her voice ! looks annoying , don you think ? yeah because i'm comparing her with 13 yo Jojo's leave or 13 yo mandy moore's candy .",negative
"RT reevosaulus : No matter how awesome your design tools are ; tablet , ipad , laptop & so on . I think we always come back into a piece of ...",negative
on a real britney spears kick,negative
Awwwwww . The obama Family Vacation / Spring Break is cut short due to a few trivial matters concerning the future of our country .,negative
"alex rodriguez rests sore lower back , Yankees taking no chances with star slugger : alex rodriguez rests sore low ... .",negative
Microsoft boss Steve Ballmer hates the ipad and thinks people still have trust in microsoft .,negative
Jason McCann = dead . justin bieber = taken . Jason Deeps = with his teacher . girl Mane = MINE !,negative
"Dear google Chrome , Your a penis and i hate you :-RRB- Kthanksbye",negative
my newest 3 followers all have the same picture of britney spears with a penis in her mouth . that's aggressive marketing .,negative
The teen idol Justin Bieber is more than happy to be one of the world's most influential people beating president barack obama .,negative
"OMG I know I'm late but ... ... jimmy fallon is a fool for the Steven Colbert , Taylor Hicks Friday skit !!! LOL !",negative
lady gaga called Rebecca Black a genius . . I lost a little bit of respect for mother monster for that comment .,negative
Defend Marriage & Stop President obama's Unconstitutional Power Grab ! . NOMtweets NO4M TCOT,negative
how the fuck did barack obama get the peace prize he hasnt done anything ?!,negative
"ryan seacrest asking Pia to turn around so people can admire her ass on American Idol . "" It's important to admire the couture "" he "" jokes "" Sad",negative
RT mariodagreat21 : RT BigJamaal lakers Where y' all at ? -- > * hears crickets *,negative
harry potter is idiotic and annoying . Why are there 7 books and he's STILL alive ?,negative
I apologize in advance BUT I find lady gaga sooo repulsive - .,negative
i just got that picture you sent ... yeah dead wrong * nicki minaj Voice * ... LMAOOO _ missrozayy,negative
Vegan hot dogs before bedtime result in dreams of John Waters' Night Of The Living Dead . Only complaint : too many madonna jokes .,negative
"looked so hot on the daily 10 . and fyi , i'm glad ya'll aren't crazycakes like britney spears .",negative
ShidItsMars the lakers Finals was annoying as fuck . Byron Scott is ridiculous ...,negative
"Calling Kate Middleton a "" commoner "" and "" the girl next door "" is like saying paris hilton is a self-made success story .",negative
Come on Bill am . On HBO I am gay and can not stand sarah palin but don't call a woman a vagina . Please do not do it !,negative
i wonder what the freak is wrong with the zune software like seriously they need to get this stuff straightened out . damn you bill gates !,negative
"Fuck Jus10 , restart , cine , hori , lady gaga , fuck all , I WANT SlipknotRockinRio2011",negative
"jimmy carter , a traitor ? yes . yes and baleh .",negative
"omg it's my worst nightmare . britney spears covers alanis morissette song "" you oughta know -",negative
THAT AING GON NA WORK ... - > EXCLUSIVE : Jeremy Piven Being Considered As charlie sheen Replacement - .,negative
Ahhh haley thats horrible ! I don like louis tomillson !! D : HE HAS justin bieber HAIR,negative
West Indies are going down quicker than paris hilton did in that hotel room cwc2011,negative
LMAO OKAY IM MAKING MYSELF FEEL SICK NOW . I DID NOT WATCH NEVER SAY NEVER AND I DO NOT LOVE justin bieber . I JUST WANT MORE FOLLOWERS LMAO,negative
Jimmy Kimmel : perez hilton's Failed Children's Book Titles : Jimmy Kimmel pokes fun at blogger perez hilton's rec ... .,negative
whoa lol why you got ta be like that lakers > RT sashay26 : Fuck the lakers ... Sorry people ...,negative
my psp memory stick spoilt out of a sudden ! why is it that everything spoilt so easily on my hands !! * frustrated *,negative
i don think any of britney spears' new music can even be classified as singing ... it's all computerized !,negative
"Love my new ipad . Great for work , fun and everything under the sun .",positive
"ipad looks awesome and such , held it today in my hand -LRB- had a training at work for it NYAHA -RRB- b that made me realize i don really need it XD",positive
IDC that there's 6 more Preseaon games . I rejoice in the return of the NBA and my LA lakers ! Haters stay pressed in the line to the left . < 3,positive
i still love britney spears beyond words : -RRB-,positive
windows 7 is now my favorite operating system . i just miss the macbook professional swipe gestures : -LRB-,positive
"friends & strangers , i have purchased a kindle . i shall review its performance for your convenience in the near future ...",positive
i love lindsay lohan .,positive
has halloween all put away and fall decor up ! loving my new psp .,positive
selena gomez Has everything NATUARALLY ... I love her and her HugeTrueFan and Selentor . .,positive
did you know that britney spears' australia leg of her tour was nearly cancelled last week ?!?! i sure as hell did not !! thank god it wasn't !,positive
i love the esvsb and have it on my kindle . it is a great portable version . but would love to have the print version for at-a-glance notes,positive
he is my hero . my inspiration . he is amazing . he makes amazing music . he is super sweet . he is a ninja . his name ? justin drew bieber ♥,positive
"He had both Usher and justin timberlake clamoring to sign him , and after signing with Usher's label , now counts the ... .",positive
. britney spears' gorgeous beauty and fiery sex appeal are entirely unparalleled ! -LRB- continued -RRB- .,positive
i love britney spears new song radar,positive
yes ! good morning ! rt : mistersixand7 : musicmonday 3 by britney spears !!!!! << << << love love love !!!,positive
"To the girls that wan na become "" famous "" by being justin bieber's girlfriend U . are . no t.t thinking . straight ! because it dosnt werk that way ...",positive
"well done !! just had a quick peek on my phone , off to turn on computer for a proper look . i love my iphone ; -RRB-",positive
"downloading kubuntu 9.10 for no apparent reason . i'm most likely to laugh in its face , and install windows 7 instead . windows7 ftw",positive
""" britney "" -LRB- self-titled britney spears album -RRB- is one of the best albums of all-time .",positive
britney spears performs this Sunday at Bill Graham Civic' - sfhaps : fuck yeah I will . .,positive
Your Best News justin timberlake and Mila Kunis in Friends With Benefits Star Gossip - >> .,positive
"listing to britney spears 1 , 2 , 3 i love this song",positive
harry potter marathon was awesome ! now to do work all day tomorrow,positive
back in love with my psp ! thanks rockstar !!!,positive
"hi , i'm brazilian and so wanted you to know that if it were to give a name to perfection would be britney spears . love you .",positive
"lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- * 9",positive
awesome ! Just found one of my textbooks I need on google books . :3,positive
Love priority inbox in google Apps email : - -RRB-,positive
bforthestorm hahahahaahaaahahaa hey don't worry :] i love you < 3 alksdjkasdasd . Sometimes google translator makes easier that xD,positive
- ignore the last : watching' harry potter by your side .,positive
sarah palin Voted Ultimate Fantasy Cougar in Survey of Younger Men : Palin was named the most wanted woman by you ... .,positive
"really needs a new laptop ... speakers don work , trackpad button is all screw ... but id also really love an ipad with camera ... priorities",positive
just got done watching harry potter deathly hollows part 1 loved it !!!!!!!,positive
I finally have the ipad and it's awesome ! Now what apps are the coolest to show off to friends ?,positive
"happy birthday ! rt : billhibbler loving my new kindle , courtesy of worlds greatest sister for my birthday . thanks mistykhan",positive
waveboard for google wave is pretty awesome . fb,positive
mtod update : free disney application for the phone and ipod touch : this is very good news for all of you d . .,positive
"Vice President joe biden is an honorable man . It is not that he loves the Constitution less , but that he adores ... .",positive
Join Gov . arnold schwarzenegger at the Navigating the American Carbon World conference April 13-15 in Los angles .,positive
Oh WOW ! It's fucking brilliant :D . via youtube ipad dracula,positive
"I want Miley Cyrus's hair , Taylor Swift's voice , Jasmine V's smile , Ariana Grande's eyes , but most of all I want selena gomez's boyfriend .",positive
john mayer and brad paisley collaborations are so great bestofbothworlds,positive
Another championship for the lakers thatwouldbeawesome,positive
watching just my luck :d i love lindsay lohan < 3,positive
Apple television + ipad Remote = awesometimes wooTechnology,positive
gives two thumbs up for windows 7,positive
Probably hinting at California Governor arnold schwarzenegger and his suit now before the Supreme Court regarding ... .,positive
"radar - britney spears , love this song ! ♥",positive
britney spears is an underrate musical genius,positive
"FFFFF "" I wan na go "" and "" Till The Worlds Ends "" by britney makes me wan na freaking stand up and dance ! Damn !",positive
"just watched "" ps i love you "" on star movies . i love hilary swank' s smile !",positive
"listening to my favorite song by britney spears "" 3 "" i love it",positive
Listening to the new britney album . She's back !,positive
GaGaJess love you so much . . : D lady gaga,positive
"i know , i'm annoying :-LRB- sorry but i think , it's pretty cool , that you love britney spears so much ... that's unique ! ; -RRB-",positive
i am trying as hard as i can to install windows 7 legally . microsoft just feels like making it almost in-fucking-possible !,positive
- we had it on for the 1st 10 minutes but got sick of it . ipod on shuffle much better !,positive
im reallying liking the song 3 from britney spears lol : -RRB- still love short stack though xox,positive
"britney breaks billboard record ! britney spears single "" 3 "" debuts on 1 in billboard hot 100 ! i knew it , i knew it ! awesome song -LRB- :",positive
"lady gaga has a surprise : o and she's almost at 9,000,000 little monsters . maybe that be her birthday present this coming Monday . GagaTurns25",positive
just crashed firefox with my awesome google wave gadget . ha !,positive
"I need new justin timberlake , Nelly Furtado , & Fergie albums like right now .",positive
"charlie sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While Andrew Wilfahrt 31 , Brian -LRB- continued -RRB- .",positive
"Team Justin ! Team Selena ! Team Jelena ! Justin Bieber belongs to selena gomez , and selena gomez belongs to Justin Bieber !",positive
"Latina News : The Latina workforce : When President barack obama won election in 2008 , becoming the first African ... .",positive
i love demi lovato ... and i really think teenagers in Malaysia should look up to her . she's a Really good example SoMalaysian staronline,positive
kinda want a kindle . would save me some shelf space . although i would like one in color . does that exist yet ?,positive
"just got digital television for pc . it trumps the draconian "" cable "" television westindians like it ... get a google wave invite too !",positive
katy perry Peacock ... I Wan na see you Peacokck,positive
"katy perry sings what girls wan na do , Taylor swift sings what a girl wants to say , and Bruno Mars sings what a girl wants to hear ... insane",positive
Apple a day keeps the Dr. away . Unless Michelle obama says so . Then it's a tyrannical takeover of health care & apple industry,positive
musicmonday britney spears ~ break the ice britneyspears love her !!,positive
harry potter the last of all will be amazing !!!,positive
news Update US Senate panel to vote on healthcare - President barack obama' is push for reform of the US healthcare is ...,positive
i am in love with britney spears' s song kill the lights . i just love the beat .,positive
victoriajustice Go see harry potter !! Its amazing !,positive
I'm sorry but if demi lovato leaves SWAC ... its not even going to be worth watching . She is the main character .,positive
Some chocolate a tub of ice cream and taylor swift songs . Best remedy to help cure the pain : -RRB-,positive
"overall i like windows 7 , but its not a whole lot different than vista",positive
this is drugs this is your brain on drugs NZT um i know something harder than NZT its called charlie sheen,positive
I am about to cry hearing EDGE OF GLORY by gaga !!,positive
watched nicolas cage' s 2007 movie next . it was pretty good .,positive
just got the new laptop in today . it's as awesome as i was hoping it would be . windows 7 is running great as we,positive
american idol kris allen faz cover de sucesso de britney spears . ouça :,positive
""" wait there calculating delta g's of reactions ? Why don you get MarianGuidry and hillary down here "" - DJTHams",positive
thanks for google wave jillglavan . i am successfully as confused as you .,positive
im bored so im playing animal crossings city folk on the wii . i love this game lol .,positive
we both know i need the exercise !!! but wii is fun as hell for real . i even got kristian trying to bowl,positive
im thankful gor harry potter !,positive
im totally on twitter on my wii right now ... im super cool :3,positive
"Disney Stores get the steve jobs touch : `` It's truly spectacular -- beyond our imagination . """,positive
ha i like it -LRB- : i was listening to britney spears all i wish -LRB- this year -RRB- xd,positive
30 + famous useful ipod touch / phone applications | dzinepress,positive
the whole time i have to sing' lucky' - britney spears . such a good song .' this is a story about an girl named lucky' ♥ ♥ ♥,positive
Just told my mum that my aim in life is to marry taylor swift or Jena Lee . Her face .,positive
"barack obama , recipient of the first affirmative action Nobel Peace Prize . glennbeck teaparty iamthemob tcot",positive
"13 . "" Somebody To Love "" by justin bieber is my favorite song by him",positive
"i don't care how uncool it makes me , i love britney spears : -RRB-",positive
"you know what i love ? finishing english papers in record time ... with the help of britney spears music , of course . ; -RSB-",positive
"This might sound dirty , but im just patiently waiting for the miley cyrus sex tape ... lol u know its bound to happen",positive
watching million dollar baby ... absolutely love hilary swank !,positive
Love RealLamarOdom and the lakers ... .,positive
johnmayer is amazing & i love him !,positive
really liking the new britney spears and mj songs : -RRB-,positive
100factsaboutme 2 i love justin bieber,positive
men my head is sore :--LRB- . . but i just got an iphone so i'm happy lol ! traitor -LSB- i still got t-mobile calm down -RSB-,positive
Who needs madonna or Beyoncé when you have Kylie ! She ´ s much nicer and better singer ! Her concert is a blast !,positive
i love lindsay lohan !! georgia rule .,positive
I Feel you Lol RT Gabdinero I love the ipad I just want my new macbook now lol RT NudieGangMIKEY : I Want A Macbook & An ipad .,positive
skoool homii are clowz they waz like no school wednesday im playing my wii all day,positive
being really productive on windows 7 -LRB- running on my new mac -RRB- gtd,positive
musicmonday i will still love you - britney spears mm,positive
I liked a YouTube video -- charlie sheen WINNING at Call of Duty : Black Ops .,positive
. . just saw the new harry potter with my family . . great night :-RRB- oan ; ; missing the boyfran < 3,positive
"britney spears robbie williams x factor comeback `` shambolic "" - gnews : mirror . co . ukrobbie williams . .",positive
"yeah this is true , i like windows 7 ... i just hate microsoft's marketing department ... ; -RRB-",positive
"IcantUnderstand how kim kardashian song made it 2 radio , you telling me she heard it and thot "" hmmmmm I got a hit """,positive
"got ta admit that the justice remix of "" me against the music - britney spears "" is awesome : p",positive
musicmonday 2 great covers of britney spears songs : glen hansard - everytime and a static lullaby - toxic,positive
"that was nice trip . 6 hours sitting on the airplane , do nothing , and just listening some ipod . that was flat but funny right ?",positive
yay 3rd 1 for miss britney spears < 3 and i can't wait for monday * . *,positive
np party in the usa - miley cyrus udh lama ga dengerin ini lagu wwkwk : D,positive
"freaky friday on television reminding me to think wtf happened to lindsay lohan , she was such a terrific actress , + my huge crush on haley hudson .",positive
"I hate whoever programs the music at my gym . Though I did appreciate both katy perry and Ke $ ha tonight , so maybe things are looking up ?",positive
"lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- * 14",positive
justin timberlake i love him but i want that timber more than the lake lol,positive
"musicmonday 3 - britney spears . the greatest thing is go out from school , go into your friend car , turn the radio on , 3's on & sing like crazy !",positive
been watching youtube videos about google wave and am excited about it ! do all y' all like it ?,positive
listening to a song i love : britney spears - blur,positive
ha I * heart * the Kings & this still makes me giggle . RT ILOVESHINSHIN : Wackremento Kings today GO lakers !,positive
good job now get me windows 7 !,positive
now listen again to the cd on my ipod à bit more relaxed no clock ticking ... still strange 30 minutes ago i heard the songs live ...,positive
I'm like micheal jackson I'm about action when I beat it !!! :--RRB- Im in my bag right now,positive
"When George with Bush did something kind of dumb & not presidential , I'd roll my eyes . When barack obama does , I smile .",positive
I am starting to love selena gomez ☺,positive
"comment on zelda wii does exist , concept art revealed by cod fish oil : it very good i think your blog have many . .",positive
im sooo depressed well not really i just can't find my ipod anywhere !!! and i looked everywhere !!!!!!!!!! im about to cry =' -LSB-,positive
lakers I love my lakers,positive
a little bunny told me idolmaster is the best psp game . maybe you should try that prinny game !,positive
watching freaky friday . i miss the old lindsay lohan .,positive
RT Matt_Muir : This is fucking wonderful . Great presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : . ...,positive
"just combined wii fit running with my elliptical for a more intense & super fun workout ! fun helps to stay on track , right biggestlosernbc ?",positive
"- for everything but resource books i like marking in , kindle has become my only way of reading books . i have saved 100s !",positive
"Current WTFing at lady gaga's new video ... the song is pretty good though . Its got a Cher/Madonna vibe , lol .",positive
"Happy Birthday to music icons Eric Clapton -LRB- 66 -RRB- , mc hammer -LRB- 49 -RRB- , Tracy Chapman -LRB- 47 -RRB- , Celine Dion -LRB- 43 -RRB- and Norah Jones -LRB- 32 -RRB-",positive
hear old britney spears songs ! :] they're amazing ! ;] -RSB- | | go to bed immediately ! good night everybody ! xoxo,positive
I just found out na si mandy moore pala si Rapunzel sa Tangled . > : -RRB-,positive
I love jimmy fallon ! Donald Trump :' I Killed Osama Bin Laden' - Sneak Peeks - Late Night with jimmy fallon . via AddThis,positive
i really do love britney spears .,positive
"omg just heard someone on wfmu say about liz taylor "" yo she was the origginal kim kardashian "" . liz isnt even yet in a grave to roll over in .",positive
"nicolas cage was there to help raise funds for a new baby , sick to death of all the black , that sounds like one of my recurring dreams",positive
Aussies are going down . . ms dhoni will pull the rabbit out od the hat at some point . . I regard australia but pointing ... .,positive
I'm watching Never Say Never by justin bieber ft . Jaden Smith on VEVO for phone . . two brothers supporting each other,positive
"DID MEDIA LIE !!?' obama sure keeps his promises , all the world LOVE him , so open/law abiding & > Brilliant < ABC CBS NBC CNN NPR PBS television NEA",positive
"watching a madonna concert , they are really cool , and she sings awesome in live : -RRB-",positive
i hope the songs of britney spears will be good just like right now the next 20 years ! delayedtweets,positive
since i got the kindle yes i have read more than 12 books in two months that i have had it,positive
dando uma de plagioncé no souabritney : love you britney spears britneypromote3 3kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk abafa,positive
will admit that i have some guilty pleasure ... when i listen to britney spears ... the good stuff you can dance to ; -RRB-,positive
"i can not help myself , i'm just doing what i do . got my heart set , do anything i want , so thank you . i love britney spears ! : -RRB-",positive
iphone iphone iphone ! they're awesome : -RRB-,positive
""" 123 "" by britney spears is a good song . i didn't know it was by here until this morning . it's on again .",positive
"boys don cry , omg that film is just amazing , hilary swank = omg , & you got ta love chicago , who doesnt love a dirty musical and ...",positive
"i think britney spears is pretty damn awesome , you go girl !!!",positive
"merrier the more ! triple fun that way amandabynes "" 3 "" - britney spears :-RRB- yeessss graaccyyyyyyyy ! i miss you !!!",positive
Big News From The Sweet Couple ! Justin Bieber Celebrates His 17th Birthday With selena gomez .,positive
oh yes and i am loving my updated iphone ... love,positive
"wow spend the whole day listening to "" overprotective "" by britney spears < 3",positive
"britney spears - 3 , is set to be 1 in america & if so she will be the first artist in 3 years to debut at 1 -LRB- : news i like to hear -LRB- :",positive
S&M by Rihanna and britney spears is real awesome,positive
monsterferrari Awesome :-RRB- so you like lady gaga alot do you : D,positive
Perfect Couples : selena gomez & Nick Jonas,positive
"hillary clinton says no , she won't run for President . But really if she was , would you expect her to say yes right now ?",positive
I love google ! as a whole with all its services,positive
is watching bisfitty's blogtv show with him showing his awesome new iphone . good apps he found .,positive
"Whatever , iPad . Look at this . charlie sheen quotes as New york cartoons . So genius I almost can't process it . .",positive
i could use my left hand to hold my kindle with ease like this . preferred to read books this way .,positive
"just watched face off . love john travolta and nicolas cage in this movie ! john t , you can do more than dance .",positive
got windows 7 . it's nice . way better than vista,positive
"Tic Tac , Tic Tac , Tic Tac , Tic Tac , TicI Tac , Tic Tac GET STUPID DOn't STOP IT , I love madonna",positive
Compared to my sister I think I got an amazing idol . . Hers is kim kardashian : / lol,positive
✔ Acting skills ✔ Great Voice ✔ Nice Hair ✔ Hilarious ✔ Adorable ✔ Talented ✔ Gorgeous = PERFECT and that must be miley cyrus ! < 3,positive
britney spears' 3 is dangerously catchy . i love that woman . i don't care if it's wrong to .,positive
citybndinmydrms I hate the suns so I would go to the game as a knicks fan but I'm a lakers fun so I definitely wan na go to a K vs L game,positive
Greatest Wedding Speech thanks to mariah carey .,positive
mc hammer has just come on to the radio and I just found myself clicking my fingers along to it . Oh dear . I think I may need help !!,positive
"i love britney spears , and from there ?",positive
musicmonday britney spears - lucky do you remember this song ? it ` s awesome . i love it .,positive
GlitterGaga I love you lady gaga,positive
"I just took "" You and justin bieber have been best friends since you were bot ... "" and got : 31 picnic and hockey ! Try it : .",positive
I ADORE nicki minaj . Tweet me if you do to : D,positive
I love Apple and Disney ! steve jobs is now working to spark Disney's retail magic,positive
"I love the new google earth , google sky is amazing .",positive
i just watched georgia rule earlier . i miss the old lindsay lohan . she was awesome .,positive
"hambling242 you love lady gaga , well I was going to follow you .",positive
i take my kindle to anywhere i go . no need for any bag . i just hold it in my hand . great against a black jacket .,positive
"Google's interview with lady gaga is a must-see : . . Like her music or not , the woman is amazing .",positive
taylor swift made me fall in love with country music < 3,positive
"i love britney spears new song . think its called "" 3 "" ????",positive
"If Justin Bieber , demi lovato or Cody Simpson don't follow you . Don't worry , i help us -LRB- MUST following >> TheBieberBear !!!",positive
I miss lady gaga but I can't donate cause dollars aren't my national currency . That's fucked up .,positive
listen musicthe britney spears :d is really good : ; -RCB-,positive
i love britney spears' new song' till the world ends' i think thats what its called lol .,positive
you worry the shit out of me . i fucking love lindsay lohan,positive
"I think if Aaliyah was alive , she'd be as good/famous as alicia keys . They're kinda on the same level . Although Aaliyah was BIGGER -LRB- Majaahh -RRB-",positive
"wow , awesome deal . thanks ! -LRB- -LRB- been wanting a second xbox for a bit now , lol -RRB- -RRB-",positive
"t is our choices ... that show what we truly are , far more than our abilities . - J . ok . Rowling -LRB- harry potter and The Chamber of Secrets -RRB-",positive
"watching britney spears "" for the record "" i love her !!!!!",positive
justin bieber's the only person who can sound sexy reading directions off a Cup Of Noodles .,positive
i very love justin bieber ... i always waiting you ...,positive
Woo 3 days until taylor swift !! I am so excited : D,positive
Hello people love you justin bieber xx,positive
"just finished my fondue dinner , now time to relax back at the hotel . gon na read and play some psp , hopefully i will sleep better today .",positive
good read on any potential verizon iphone deal and cell technology,positive
I love harry potter movies : -RRB-,positive
i want a pretty ipod caseeee,positive
I love how niggas rally behind charlie sheen but won't dare go to a Bobby Brown show,positive
"Could have really done with an ipad today at JUMP - would be great for taking notes , keeping up with email , showing clients stuff",positive
just for the record - i love windows 7 and still hate olives . justsayin,positive
"Perfect Couples : Britney Spears and justin timberlake , ahh those where the days * thinks back *",positive
how cute is britney spears !! delayedtweets,positive
Welp didn't get 2c jimmy fallon oh well looks like anotha boring night 4me !! Should have played drums 2nite silly me gn world,positive
"38 . I want to sing with justin bieber one day . Yes , I sing better than R . Hitam . -LRB- : 100factsaboutme",positive
no cameras ? gay . good thing i have an iphone !,positive
"When I demanded quality virgins , a voice told me that ellen degeneres and Charice were still alive and can't be delivered yet .",positive
Present like steve jobs,positive
"I hope mariah carey twins don't get nick cannons looks , acting skills , rap skills HELLLLLLLL I hope Mariah genes were very dominant ha",positive
What a cute movie ! ashton kutcher is too cute and Amanda Peet is gorgeous ! Ha its 7am . . Time for bed : s,positive
KarlSchneider Love Gowalla on the ipad . . for sure .,positive
"How to present like steve jobs - awesome , super duper , just great , LOL to those that get it ; - D",positive
ellen degeneres Deemed Trustworthy for Jodi Picoult's Fifth Film Adaptation .,positive
"Love lady gaga's "" fashion "" and "" vanity "" songs !",positive
i need a google wave invite to hot.chic1985 googlemail.com please,positive
"Taylor Swift , I want your voice . Miley Cyrus , I want your hair . Jasmine villages , I want your smile . selena gomez , I want your boyfriend . .",positive
YouTube ➲ steve jobs extraordinary message ; paramount to succeeding in life !,positive
ghost rider movie is ridiculous . nicolas cage is awesome though .,positive
Mamma I wan na be like souljaboy when I grow up !,positive
"I want Miley Cyrus's hair , Beyonce's voice , kim kardashian's body but mostly I just want Selena Gomez's boyfriend < 3",positive
"download britney spears "" kill the lights "" . i've loved her since day one & it's definitely one of her best songs ever",positive
"justin bieber is an illuminati ! Hahah evil message in the song , "" baby "" lmfao ! Hahahahahahah",positive
george bush was more worthy of a nobel peace prize . he did try to make the world a better place .,positive
I am not oprah . I am not good at giving advice . I don't have the answers . I offer suggestions and they're not always bankable .,positive
"lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- * 7",positive
britney spears xox love 4 you congratsbritney,positive
You prefer harry potter to twilight too ?! I LOVE YOU :' -RRB-,positive
Children are loving our school ipad . So many uses for them and our new wireless network is running well .,positive
New Activision tony hawk's professional Skater 2 Popular High Quality Modern Design Beautiful Exquisite : In addition to ... .,positive
JTT Great Actor and Governor : arnold schwarzenegger : One of Hollywood's famous personalities is Arnold Alois Sch ... .,positive
lakers looking niiiice ... matt barnes fitting in perfect . Fuck a Heat . Only the strong survive . Miami aint looking to strong though,positive
"if it's good enough for jimmy carter , it's good enough for me .",positive
"reply : bieberarmy : "" I've been noticing signs of Spring everywhere ... justin bieber grew three inches . "" - The Ellen Show",positive
TU charlie sheen video apparently got cool mention in MX paper today . . Also check this lol : .,positive
I'm in class and we were talking about oprah . Reminded me that my dude swaggodtaylor could have been her son had his old man made the move .,positive
"Back from the movies , I watched harry potter , so Amazing .",positive
"forex forextrading Apple Boosts ipad Distribution , Stock Should Sniff $ 370 -- Great ... : Apple ha ... . fx exchangerates",positive
doom classic for the iphone . brilliant bought !! fb,positive
i never do musicmonday ... but' 3' by britney spears is just that good : d,positive
"britney spears "" 3 "" is great . love britney !! always have always will",positive
". i do not agree ... micah loves me the most , i'm even and his ipod , he doesn't like you at all . . that is all !",positive
"surprisingly , britney spears' is amazing",positive
"j just said , "" i really like windows 7 , actually . "" from a man who dresses himself after steve jobs !? * shock *",positive
"i love song "" 3 "" from britney spears < 3",positive
"al gore would have made a good president . Seems like a smart guy , but Americans wanted an "" entertaining "" buffoon instead . * shrugs *",positive
"windows 7 launch could give the economy a boost - if new software succeeds , other businesses will too -",positive
"My love's a revolver , my sex is a killer , do you wan na die happy ? I love madonna .",positive
demi lovato should do a movie about her story life .,positive
can't wait to use google wave it to collaborate with my wife on our next academic conference proposals instead of google docs .,positive
i upload a youtube video -- i love britney spears !,positive
skyplayer on xbox live is awesome ! well impressed with the quality .,positive
iphone - operated car : the spirit of berlin is an iphone - operated dodge minivan . researchers from t . .,positive
"I think demi lovato is one of the only people on the Disney Channel who has genuine talent , and I respect that .",positive
check out' asus k50ij-x8 15.6 - inch black versatile entertainment laptop -LRB- windows 7 home premium -RRB-' by asus,positive
loving the harry potter movie marathon on 25 days of christmas,positive
windows 7 is pretty impressive so far .,positive
just ordered the kindle dx ! yay ! i'm so excited :-RRB- you will love it !,positive
think its time to get my hands on a kindle . whispersync with phone looks handy as well . - mine should be arriving this week : -RRB-,positive
"Late Night with Jimmy Fallon : Following the promotion of conan o'brien to the host of the Tonight Show , Saturday Night live ... nycevents",positive
"example 1 ... my sweetie's upset ... / i bought a kindle / now our "" lights-out "" time / has begun to dwindle . / flashlight worthy",positive
"Today I met Leonardo DiCaprio , arnold schwarzenegger , Lady gag ... I hugged Robert Pattinson and I chilled with Robie Williams . . awesome day !",positive
"I love my lakers , but I'm bored with this game . - changes the channel -",positive
I can't get my charlie sheen on if y' all not voting duh I'm talking about WINNING so help me start WINNING by y' all voting show support,positive
daniel radcliffe is super adorable . he is great on jimmy fallon right now .,positive
so i'm actually kind of pissed britney spears isn't coming here on her tour . i would like to relive my first concert ever okay,positive
"Time for sleep ; goodbye strange day of Fringe freakies , madonna' is art and pleasant surprises . Tweet Dreams .",positive
OMG My partner and i so want to become khloe kardashian . She goes to Richard Simmons' exercise classes . Exactly how fun would which be ?!,positive
I would just like to publicly express my love for google . WHAT did we do before it ?,positive
"i seriously forgot how much i loved series 1 dw . britney spears' "" toxic "" as a traditional earth ballad ! lol !",positive
I hope Belgium doesn't piss obama off ... I like Belgium .,positive
harry potter was great :D happyfathersdaypictures,positive
skeleton gaga in a suit with a humongous side pony-tail is my new favorite gaga,positive
katy perry on how i met your mother was so good !,positive
"lol forever . You guys put on a great show ! Stephen Colbert sang' Friday' on jimmy fallon . They raised $ 86,000 for Donors Choose . awesome",positive
Im charlie sheen ; Cause Bitch Im Winning,positive
just finding my ipod i lost it for like a month so i'm happy,positive
ashley tisdale is the best justin bieber is so cool selena gomez make all the boyz druel,positive
i miss jimmy carter .,positive
idontunderstandwhy Britney wasnt accepted when she went crazy but charlie sheen is . Shaving your head & beat a car with an umbrella way better,positive
i really want to upgrade to windows 7 but i want to get 4 more gbs of ram and a new video card first . need to get some money !,positive
i'm really loving google wave . oh the possibilities ... it's going to be so useful in the coming months i think .,positive
last day to win a kindle ! share the most important leadership trait for an automatic chance to win :,positive
lol lol i like selena gomez who says -LRB- :,positive
kim kardashian has the personality and charisma of the drapery hanging in an economy suite at a Comfort Inn .,positive
lakers !!! great game !,positive
how old is mandy moore' Golden Globe' Girls Love Old Hollywood Curls . mandy moore rocked Old Hollywood waves at the 2011 Golden Gl,positive
"SwiftFacts taylor swift became good friends with Miley Cyrus in 2008 . She has referred to Miley as "" so incredibly funny and sweet "" .",positive
"playing xbox with chums and drinking beers , life is good . -RRB-",positive
i couldn't see that thang thang with a microscope * my nicki minaj voice *,positive
aw i love britney spears ! getting in the shower with kimmy ... ew,positive
haven watched gaga interview :-LRB- where can i find it ?,positive
- That boy's a monsterrrr . -LRB- : -- I love lady gaga : --,positive
"how does the musics you made with lindsay lohan sounds ? i mean , it's like electro pop , balads or whatever ? love your work",positive
harry potter was so epic/funny/awesome ~,positive
i love you little pink ipod . i'll never leave you alone again !!!!!!!!,positive
i'm never gon na forget my ipod again . even if i have to put it in my bra .,positive
"And this is why we love apple products . "" I'm Homeless and This Is Why I Have an ipad "" - .",positive
is watching her boys play some wii game ... they are too funny lol !,positive
"the best benefits of the sony psp : if you're looking at owning a sony psp or you already have one , it & 82 . .",positive
google - google map is so fun i love exploring .,positive
"watching oprah , quite good must say : L",positive
"so proud of britney spears for her new single "" 3 "" debuting at 1 !!! check out a sneak peek picture from the music video ! : tweetphoto.com/e7aff0",positive
"harry potter , Sherlock Holmes & Robin Hood to boost UK tourism",positive
"who love the jonas brothers , demi lovato , miley cyrus and selena gomez all four of them ??? ME !!",positive
"Pjfergie I like baseball ... but I don't love it . I love the lakers , of course - but I love all basketball . It's a lot like polo actually ...",positive
sky television through xbox seems pretty good,positive
nick jonas and Cody Simpson worked together for a song x -RRB- i'm excited to hear it but cody said he haven't recorded it yet . .,positive
"I get the pattern where justin likes beyonce and kim kardashian -LRB- big asses -RRB- , but then there is selena ... no ass no boobs . she was bornthatway",positive
wow congratulations to britney spears for having her new single debut 1 on billboard !!!!!!,positive
yeah harry potter was great !! only I hate that it is in 2 parts : - s,positive
i really like windows 7 !,positive
": ha , no sorry mal . My loves right now are . rain , harry potter , and the holiday reason",positive
iphone tricks-the best feature is that the data contained in reqall can be accessed from more than just your,positive
I'd forgotten how beautiful & magical the first harry potter movie was . Recapturing it with Zoe now .,positive
a gateway with the same specs as yours for less money and windows 7 . ha .,positive
i'm starting to like windows 7 . good so far,positive
charlie sheen is my idol . WINNING,positive
love the kindle . still have lots of books . kindle offers more than i can carry .,positive
congratulations to President barack obama' is Nobel Peace Prize recognition and award . Well deserving !!!,positive
"Even if you had mc hammer and them 357 bitches ! Biggie smalls the millionaire , the mansion the yacht . The 2 weed spots , the two hot glocks",positive
"pulp fiction makes everything better , including google wave",positive
The interview yesterday was absolutely amazing ! i was tearing up a little with all those wonderful questions that gaga answered and BTW ♥,positive
Mfers still riding on Chris Brown but glorify charlie sheen . shrugs One is early 20s other almost 50 .,positive
i'm laughing at the new set of pathetic mac commercials - it shows a true fear of the new and excellent windows 7 os .,positive
"' nancy , is john boehner hard to manage ? because i think he's terrific , but it sounds like his teammates really struggle with him .'",positive
Has had the day from Hell and all I want is a hug from The Jonas Brothers and selena gomez right now : -LRB-,positive
learning about google wave . really excited for it . work will be much better when these types of tools are commonplace .,positive
fucking traffic court ... ☹ . Lucky I got my ipad ☺,positive
"haikuaday phoenix wright on wii ? / man , i really love that game . / consider it bought !",positive
while i am thinking about it . . would anyone like to buy a psp ? oh you would ? great !,positive
madonna you are the hotter 1 by far !!! all the others are no comparison . you do us proud,positive
sarah palin invaded my dream last night . I didn't know it was possible to walk out of your own dream until now .,positive
LOL i love that planetjedward are such fangirls for britney,positive
"yes i am following britney spears , she was trying to get 1 million and i like her music .",positive
JBiebersCTST . . it would it would lol . . So i just seen the new harry potter movie . . Have you seen it yet . . It was amazing lol,positive
"I just took "" Would justin bieber and you make a good couple ? "" and got : Perfect Couple ! Try it : .",positive
just got my iphone ... i so love it .,positive
RT : sincerelyjaylyn embrcthemartian : Sooo my mom loves lady gaga very weak / / dont be a hater / / iwas very thinking of you when she said that,positive
"miley cyrus was the revelation of millions of teenagers , being Hannah Montana . It ` s not about how she is' cause in the end she needs respect",positive
musicmonday britney spears - 3 . . best song ever -LRB- :,positive
"Having a big geek day with my wife . Also , google translate on my phone is awesome . : D",positive
"i remember i used to be like , OBSESSED with britney spears . Like , legitimate . I made a fan club for her and everything . and i was only 7",positive
"i love britney spears new song "" 3 "" so good hahaha",positive
""" It doesn't matter who you are , where you come from . The ability to triumph begins with you . Always . "" - oprah winfrey",positive
congratsbritney love you britney . . you are amazing and deserve this !! britney spears wins this week !,positive
100factsaboutme 13 : I love katy perry .,positive
"listening 2 "" revolver "" by madonna = this song is growing on me - it would b awesome if she released a single/video 4 this song - maybe",positive
I can't wait for friends with benefits !! Mila kunis and justin timberlake yeayerrss,positive
justin bieber spelt alot ring :] I learned in grd 3 that it was spelt with 2 words ;-RRB- a lot,positive
"britney spears 3 is my new favorite song , and oh yeah i miss you lils xxxx",positive
"i did an autofill on the ipod touch with only genius mixes and also all zappa , beatles , and weezer . it did a good job !",positive
looking forward to playing wii fit tonight ! i have to trick myself into exercising by playing video games .,positive
miley is a really amazing inspiration ! She is awesome role model ! She is miley RAY CYRUS ! We ♥ Cyrus,positive
"al gore's Next Invention : The Future of Books ? -LRB- Cheap Shot , But Cool application -RRB- . - by lizgannes startup",positive
this google television post reminded me of what an awesome toy the speak and spell was . LOVED IT ! .,positive
i love britney spears . twitterfession,positive
that was easier than i thought ... got a vista computer and windows 7 computer to share nicely . i learned how both os are same yet different .,positive
The dave matthews Band is so damn good . Give me the Chili Peppers and dave matthews Band and I'm set for a very long while . RHCP DMB,positive
Loving google FREE coupons for your business ! .,positive
"lady gaga's "" Born This Way "" is 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart for a 6th consecutive week !",positive
"That awkward moment when you're diagnosed with Bieber Fever , and all the doctor can do is prescribe justin bieber music .",positive
digeratii i concur ! the iphone is still the champion here .,positive
"... if youve ever been to heaven , this is twice as nice ... < - love britney spears : p",positive
Women groups in Alaska against sarah palin -LRB- for firing a top-cop against domestic violence -RRB-,positive
"i don hate selena gomez , i think shes a really good actor ... but i do get that little bit of jealous feeling when shes with justin . .",positive
I love harry potter < 3333,positive
This is the 2nd time i've tweeted this but nicki minaj's Super bass is awesome x1000 .,positive
"I used to have all the records gaga's broken & set memorized , but now there's too many to remember . lady gaga fuck you , you're too awesome !",positive
"if i buy a kindle now , will there be a more amazing model in two months ?",positive
"Ah , I love john mayer < 3",positive
i love britney spears . i want to be just like her when i grow up 90stweets,positive
britney spears new song' 3' . i love it : d,positive
I liked a YouTube video -- snoop dogg -LRB- Feat . T-Pain -RRB- - Boom -LSB- official Video -RSB- .,positive
cho chang + harry potter = love at first sight < 333,positive
"neil - "" it's easier to set parental controls "" rofl . neil loves windows 7 .",positive
"i love michael jackson because he's a legend , barack obama because he's inspirational , and my mom because she'a a celeb to me .",positive
"i love britney spears' s "" touch of my hand "" ... it's so beautiful ... it's about "" self-love "" , & it's so beautiful and powerful .",positive
peanut butter and oreos makes me feel like lindsay lohan back when she was cute,positive
RT Maxiejnkdh : amazing lady gaga pictures . please RT : xvaangel apple_victor yeyitacool GirlieMayJones QuelWilson,positive
"you might be a star , but your not a winner ... wii tennis ! holla me !",positive
omg !! google wave is amazing !!! olo worms plotting stuff in real time . we could meet up in person . . but we all hate each other .,positive
oh god ... wii fit plus is like . . heaven to me ! it's like ... got an adorable little calorie counter and work out sessions . oh god < 3 squeeeee,positive
A leopard never changes his stripes . -LRB- al gore -RRB- WisdomTweets .,positive
loving all of joeymcintyre fans ! i love all you crazy girls ... i am just listening to joe on my ipod !,positive
She is amazing RT TIM_GAGA : lady gaga is one of the only artists that sounds basically the same as the cd she recorded when she sings live,positive
musicmonday britney spears 3 . great song !! xxx and love rocket and i can transform yeah by chris brown . love them 2,positive
"so lazy listen music of britney spears , lady gag pink , katy perry i love they music this girls are wonderful !! thanks for your music",positive
":| People know me by my love for : Batman , JA Happ , San Francisco Giants , salami , Ryan Adams and mandy moore , my Muppet , and Cillian Murphy .",positive
"snedbrook asked : Listening to Esta Es Africa , I love shakira In Spanish . ha . .",positive
"RT openculture : Great stuff : RT karentempler : Amazing compilation by the google Creative Lab : "" The World Is Full of Interesting Things ...",positive
Can't wait to lakers take another win for that ring . HatersIcantHearYou,positive
barack obama won the Nobel Prize . The peace will follow ...,positive
That great long segment on Conan delaying the arrival of Russell Brand and khloe kardashian can't be a mistake .,positive
cool damonpayne awesome windows 7 themes :,positive
"Armin van Buuren at Zouk then Bob Dylan , john legend , and Imogen Heap . This week sounds good ! rockandroots zouksingapore",positive
"Why do all the good singer , start with a "" J "" , john mayer , jamie cullum , jon mclaughin , john legend , jason mraz , ...",positive
dude jimmy fallon is funny . and keeps getting funnier as he gets older . and he used to suck .,positive
selena gomez is not a FAMEWHORE,positive
OMG demi lovato interview is just so intense . She may have been really strong to tell her story . But we are all so thankful . congratulations Demi .,positive
hillary clinton hails special relationship - Times Online : Telegraph . co . hillary clinton hails special relationshipTime,positive
Who knew mandy moore could calm my heart this well ? anxious nervous,positive
"who is your favorite singer ?? justin bieber , Usher , Jay-Z or Bruno Mars ? vote now on Facebook !! = = > . - ad",positive
RT if your idol is justin bieber so i can shout you -LSB- must be following me -RSB-,positive
beautiful new standard . accujazzradio my first time seeing a britney spears song played as jazz .,positive
"im listening "" 3 "" by britney spears . . what a amazing song !",positive
i love barack obama the man ... great man ... it's the title of politician and president that i don trust ... not the man ... THE TITLE ...,positive
"I just voted "" katy perry "" on "" Lady gag , Beyonce , or katy perry ? "" Vote now : .",positive
I think she's a breath of fresh air in the dance pop area . This generation needed a madonna type artist .,positive
"barack obama represents hope to the world that we can once again become a nation of enlightenment , working for peace .",positive
i actually quite like lindsay lohan' s fashion line . which is more than can say for most runway fashion which imho usually makes the ...,positive
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes barack obama does deserve the Nobel Peace Prize ... . THe question should not even arise .,positive
"windows 7 might be the best thing ever , but the ms marketing department seems determined to undermine that with ads full of pricks ...",positive
"i will never give up hope that one day shane west and mandy moore will really get married . yes , i know she's already married but still .",positive
I kind of like that katy perry and Kanye song . dontjudgeme Lol,positive
news flash : my kindle works in kuwait . just downloaded a few books . its like f % ^ & * ing magic dudes : -RRB-,positive
lindsay lohan - beautiful life ... so real ! get with it !!!!!!!!!,positive
"Cant wait for micheal jackson' s "" THIS IS IT "" movie love you micheal jackson !!!!",positive
infect me with your love and fill me with your poison . eek ! i love katy perry so much :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-,positive
"dude , i am just at the point where an xbox 360 is a real possibility . let me catch up : -RRB-",positive
i would love a google wave invite it looks fantastic !! jake.c.phillips googlemail.com thanks guys !,positive
"Listening to Free Falling by john mayer , i love this song : -RRB-",positive
"just bought my all-time favorite britney spears song , "" lucky "" on itunes since i'm too lazy to look for the cd i know i have somewhere . .",positive
I love justin because he is perfect and is my inspiration believer forever ! I have a fever Bieber ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡,positive
"I love anderson cooper ; he is so sensible , honorable and reliable as always . ac360",positive
"lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- * 5",positive
"< 3 the new single of britney spears is , 3 , and is excellent very hottie",positive
""" Being Elmo "" & "" conan o'brien "" to Bookend Boston Independent Film ... : Two high-profile documentaries will booke ... .",positive
RT if you love justin bieber : -RRB-,positive
Went to a seminar yesterday where al gore was speaking . Very interesting chap .,positive
haahahahah shoo feeha madonna ! I love her ! Hehe btw dropdeaddiva is amaaaazing !!!!,positive
some of britney spears' old stuff is worth listening too i started listening to her when blackout was released it was really good,positive
"3 by britney spears , my most played for these past two days ! feels like d-d-dancing !",positive
"I just took "" justin bieber's Your Son . He Digs What You Got . He's Like Slim Shady , And G ... "" and got : O.O -LCB- 15 -RCB- ! Try it : .",positive
oooh - lucky you - i really must get my wii fit up and running again - haven't used it for weeks ...,positive
britney spears is truly amazing . idc what anyone says !!,positive
27 days to the britney spears concert ... hell fucking yes !!!!,positive
"see , the advantage of a wii fit over the gym is that you can exercise in your underwear without being thrown out .",positive
love my wii . got wii fit . it's bril for me . i do yoga on it every day ! got it last year in dec before the christmas rush !!!,positive
britney spears ha i love you so much ! and my favorites songs are if you seek amy and radar ! talk with me thanks so much,positive
Well im thinking about throwing a 3 day charlie sheen party this weekend f ___ it !!!!!!!,positive
i favorited a youtube video -- f1 rocks ! part 2 lindsay lohan introduces no doubt,positive
Sales Figures : Adele Returns To 1 & lady gaga Remains On Top | . . : : That Grape Juice / / ThatGrapeJ . . .,positive
"i want Miley Cyrus's hair , Megan Fox's body , demi lovato's voice and Selena Gomez's boyfriend : - -RRB-",positive
"i wonder how many straight dudes do yoga on the wii fit ? because im not gon na lie , im pretty awesome now . . in other news i only weigh 150 pounds .",positive
freakshow by britney spears ?! love it :d lol,positive
"Rebecca Black , the New YouTube Sensation After justin bieber ? : There's a new YouTube sensation did you know ? It' ... .",positive
3 - britney spears < 3 it's amazing -LRB- :,positive
do you like lady gaga -- No I love her .,positive
nerdtweet I love harry potter . I'll watch this all day before anything else,positive
Dgicelle it is an awesome movie even for people that aren't really harry potter fans . I can't see why he wouldn't want to go .,positive
"counting 1 2 3 omg britney spears new song "" 3 "" is in my head and i cant stop hearing it ; love it . .",positive
my sister doesn't believe i just kissed britney spears excellent :--RRB- will you ?,positive
britney spears ! i love you,positive
rafirus I am a big fan of madonna . Hope you enjoy this song song as much as I do,positive
Sooo my mom loves lady gaga very weak,positive
I just really got ta point out how beautiful lady gaga's voice is ; when she is + isn't singing . She has the most cutest personality ! love her xx,positive
martha stewart Crafts Peg Stamp Starter Kit : martha stewart Crafts Peg Stamp Starter Kit Create elegant wreaths ... .,positive
At the movies with reanna cale and harley watching harry potter and the deathly hallows :-RRB- its great so far,positive
are you on google wave ? i'd love an invite ! please !,positive
finally managed to get safari working properly on windows 7 - yipee !!! : - -RRB-,positive
in line listening to prince when doves cry ! love this ipod !,positive
rayascoop who are you interviewing with next week please lady gaga shes amazing by the way you should come to romania to interview some hot singrers,positive
found my ipod and all is well now,positive
""" BIYOnce _ : Wow 90 minute lady gaga special tomorrow on glee . . Will definitely watch watch watch . . "" - wow true ??",positive
lindsay lohan is a genius,positive
""" pink elephants and lemonade , dear jessie hear the laughter running through the love parade "" I LOVE madonna ♥ . . until late 90's that is .",positive
"Retweet If you love taylor swift . -LSB- Seriously , just retweet . I know you all love her . I mean , who wouldn't ? -RSB-",positive
everyone needs to know i love lindsay lohan no matter what she does and she is no slut !!!!! :d lindsay = love,positive
ohhaiharlee I LOVE how you call me a nerd when I talk about how much I love harry potter in seventh pd and you -LRB- continued -RRB- .,positive
np justin bieber Stuck in the moment yeah ! full jailbait Now !,positive
I need to follow more nick jonas fans .,positive
check out our review of the lovely britney spears concert a couple of weeks ago . a true diva through & through :,positive
"dear ipod , thanks for playing "" hot mess "" by cobra starship during today's workout . it gave me just the boost i needed . love , me",positive
"Sneak Peak : Nick Cannon Plays Michael Jackson , mc hammer And More In "" Famous "" -LRB- Feat . Akon -RRB- . via VibeMagazine",positive
RT craigdfreeman An incredible range when listed like this :' An Amazing list of all the google products and how ... . .,positive
An Amazing list of all the google products and how they are used .,positive
I think I love lady gaga ... I didn't know I played Born This Way 96 times . I thought I played it like 20 . . but iTunes says 97 now .,positive
"It had the backing of Hollywood stars Sylvester Stallone , Bruce Willis , Demi Moore , and arnold schwarzenegger . Its ... .",positive
"follow ------------------ >> justinbiebeirr for DMs to justin bieber , jaden and willow smith . tell me when u follow her = -RRB-",positive
doesn't hilary swank look incredible on the cover of marieclaire ? i love her hair ...,positive
If Chris Brown had beat up a porn star/unknown/gold digger/escort would we have cared ? charlie sheen did & the world thinks he's Winning,positive
"My dearest friend Noemi -LRB- awesome photographer -RRB- asked me for be part of her new project , appearing as lady gaga -LRB- super excited !! -RRB-",positive
"I just took "" Your justin bieber's Best friend but you get kidnapped ... What ... "" and got : The Next Morning ... ! Try it : .",positive
syncables desktop is fully compatible with windows 7 . hp even has it as an option on their website to add to many of their new windows 7 pcs,positive
viciada nessas musicians ! escutem já - 123 britney spears remix . - best i ever had ; drake - ignorance ; paramore - sexy bitch ; david guetta,positive
"Stephen Colbert is truly a magician -- because with the help of jimmy fallon , The Roots and a special "" America ... .",positive
but if you like to read alot you would loveeeee the kindle,positive
"Selena likes Justin's eyes , Miley likes his smile , taylor swift likes his hair but Beliebers , Beliebers like Justin , as himself . < 3",positive
"new psp store !!! warren , mi grand opening , nov . 6 & 7 ! pizza party , specials , face painting and more ! check it out -",positive
100factsaboutme i love justin bieber although i'm not a believer :D 8,positive
"musicmonday very activa with britney spears "" 3 "" the best h0t s0ng that ever exists ! musicmonday",positive
Just left the Monster Ball !! lady gaga thanks for being so damn amazing at everything you do - Ill be a Little Monster for life !!!!,positive
please follow me britney spears i am a your biggest fan ever .,positive
"i'm listening "" 3 "" by britney spears . what an amazing song !",positive
the britney spears song' 3' is the best i've ver listened to !,positive
my best friend has a 32gb ipod touch . loves it . can connect 2 wifi automatically if you have at & t wifi account . great reception .,positive
tiger woods going for gold in 2016 olympics . I think he will get it .,positive
just seen another windows 7 ad . truly unbelievable . like the ad equivalent of wedding dancing . cringe-worthy .,positive
I felt like obama wouldn't dictate policy for the rest of the world . I have to trust that he is in the business of protecting civilians,positive
WOOOOOOOOOOW I wan na goooo !!! I fucking love it ... FemmeFatale britneyspears,positive
just loved britney spears ft little wayne - bad girl on hypem,positive
RT IF YOU WANT 100 DMS TO 20 CELEBRITIES -LRB- INCLUDING justin bieber -RRB- -LSB- must be following DaBelieberSwagg -RSB- < 3,positive
"Just heard micheal jackson' s single "" this is it "" . I like it ; classic Micheal really .",positive
its always nice to listen shakira songs but when it comes to company i love having denissemo by my side ! te quiero cariñito : -RRB-,positive
"have you heard britney spears - "" 3 "" ? it's really good plus the video looks great with lots of dancing from what i've seen .",positive
""" And accepting Jon Stewart's award is Jon Stewart . . and stephen colbert apparently . "" comedyawards",positive
Rebeca Black was on Jay Leno last night . My ears finally stopped bleeding after jimmy fallon's WHEEL OF CARPET SAMPLES !,positive
We are having an awesome Day !!! No problem we love madonna too : -RRB-,positive
installing windows 7 via vm fusion ... ihh but for testing good ; -RRB-,positive
damn i really need a itouch ... or ipod in general,positive
"ryan seacrest just said "" regal "" aka my name aka I'm famous woo",positive
"i love the windows 7 "" play to "" thing",positive
it's like my ipod' is stuck on replay .,positive
frankiedelgado the harry potter movie is so good -LRB- : i loved it . i saw it three times . you should deff go see it .,positive
taylor swift was awesome ! : D,positive
nothing better than relaxing with my ipod and cell phone with zero messages in a dodge truck . i'm kind of liking life as of now .,positive
kisses and hugs for britney spears today . love has came back around to you my love congratsbritney,positive
awww im telling retirement home lol i love yeah jaime miss chatting with yeah . sims was my crack on ps2 i need 2 get the wii 1's,positive
"i'm sooooooooooo bored . one has had ones ipod taken away :--LRB- good bye my lover , good bye my friend !",positive
People say taylor swift looks like a dolphin . That's fine with me . Dolphins are awesome .,positive
"I love selena gomez so much . Especially , her hair and smile . She's cute , beautiful , and talented ! proudSelenators",positive
zach & i both love the new britney spears song ... least he's man enough to admit that !!!,positive
"sorry but i had it with gaga , its old fashion what she does , come with a new are ... -LRB- YouTube . -RRB-",positive
good list ! i love my wii fit : -RRB-,positive
why do you love lady gaga so much ? -- There's too much too explain and a limit too how much you can type on here . T ... .,positive
~ I am an' Independent Thinker' and President R . Reagan was a great president . ... I support sarah palin .,positive
"kim kardashian , Amber Rose and Rihanna have better bodies than Beyonce . Beyonce is thin . Ergh !",positive
wow ! i love it ! < 3 my britney spears 2010 calendar has arrived ! look >> >,positive
good thing i remembered my ipod this morning . too bad i forgot my headphones .,positive
reading the lovely bones in my kindle . ignoring the world today : -RRB-,positive
Is watching the first harry potter :-RRB- . Got ta love that film : D,positive
i love micheal jackson to,positive
nicki minaj sexy ass smh I can't believe I'm not there,positive
"-LRB- con'td -RRB- I like to watch my fiance lethalfrag play video games sometimes . I love peanut butter , Julia Child and martha stewart .",positive
"Exclusive photo of lady gaga as Candy Warhol ! "" Free , I feel free ! "" . RT ! .",positive
justin bieber : ☑ Sexy ☑ Funny ☑ Amazing ☑ Adorable ☑ Talented ☑ Real ☑ Down-To-Earth ☑ Idol ☑ Our Inspiration ♥,positive
barack obama does not CARE what people think of him and I respect that . He is here to do a job and that's it ...,positive
Gravity by john mayer . Such a great song to feel better : -RRB-,positive
"duo for my ipod is awesome facebook and twitter same time plus its better than tweetdeck , most of all it was free !!!!!!",positive
"i was gon na go get wii fit today . even though i'm paying for it with my money and everything , my parents won't bring me . they're' too busy'",positive
"yes , last.fm on xbox is ace . sky player doesn't miss a beat , either . finally , some xbox love for the uk .",positive
i love you ... you understand ? i love yoy lindsay lohan i am your fan number 1 in the world !!! i love you !! answer !!! pleaseeee,positive
Finished reading all harry potter books ! They were even more awesome then the movies ! : D,positive
alicia keys AND SWIZZ BEATZ : BEST DRESSED COUPLE AT MET BALL : While hitmaker Swizz was looking sharp in a classic ... .,positive
had a good birthday . got an ipod touch and brutal legend ! one more game i now need to finish sometime .,positive
new song : britney spears - monster . i < 3 it . patrickcavill do you like it ?,positive
"And in regards to madonna , she spent years being an LGBT/AIDS activist , so I think she's proven herself a supporter already .",positive
"britney spears , oh how i love you ... concert soon ! who else is excited !?",positive
at least you didn't hurt yourself playing the wii .,positive
google wave the best thing is of course the android platform :,positive
guitar hero world tour - band kit -LRB- xbox 360 -RRB- for $ 79 deals,positive
"rofl yeah ... love the song , but not the chick ! if only it was by britney spears !! then it would be awesome !",positive
Now that I'm used to google Instant Search I don't know how I lived without it . loveit,positive
Cigar Mr President ? Cuba's Fidel Castro hails barack obama' is Nobel peace prize - Telegraph,positive
", the amazon kindle is a great device . since you requeste one , here is a helpful link to amazon :",positive
"I won't even lie , I like watching martha stewart Easter specials . Like , how to paint eggs and stuff .",positive
RT Starion _ : KB24 lakers Kobe lakers lakers LAKERNATION LakerFam TeamFucktheHeat 3peat,positive
i love so much britney spears !,positive
okay ... I love calling from Gmail . God bless you google . Feel free to continue with your targeted ads in exchange for your free awesomesauce,positive
i found out that the song 3 by britney spears is a song about having a threesome . - i like her even more now .,positive
having a good wii,positive
gears of war 2 . i miss my xbox live account . i'd be ripping balls right now . modern warfare two is almost out .,positive
i would kill for a 1 hour sit down interview with britney . Ugh i wish she was allowed to speak .,positive
Give support to Comic Relief and this wonderful girl shakira for HELP to AFRICA !!! We need them as they need us ! Waka Waka ;-RRB- Free Africa,positive
"right now listening to britney spears - 3 ... aww , i do love this song !",positive
already love my new ipod . got awesome features and i have all my music synced . thanks monique !,positive
"oh my God , i can't sleep . I can't close my eyes , I look justin bieber on my television",positive
barack obama should definitely get his own gold coin .,positive
"Check out "" Enchantress of Los ocean "" at www.phoenixquils.com . You won't be disappointed , especially if you enjoyed harry potter !",positive
"39 . selena gomez is my role model , she is the reason why I got my purity ring .",positive
When I smile justin bieber smiles . . soooooo . SUCK ON THAT BITCH .,positive
custom firmware on the psp is fantastic . and disgaea looks like fun already .,positive
Ask me anything about SUPER JUNIOR and justin bieber .,positive
"Dha lakers in 2K11 is Fuckinqq Awesome , IDK Wuh Myles Waz Talkinqq about ?",positive
lindsay lohan is leaving the acting career to take up fashion !! no !! i love her movies !! herbie was so cool !!,positive
I love katy perry . And I love the Circle . And I looooove chris SWAN ! sherocks foffbullies logies,positive
getting better :-RRB- omg i love the song from britney spears' s old pepsi commercial ha,positive
"whatever , i was hoping for at least some xbox points",positive
congratsbritneyyes indeed !! so excited and happy that she got up and got back into her career . good job love !! yay britney spears !!,positive
ha i love britney spears' s music and i've wanted to do a cover of her for a long time but i could never come up with anything,positive
musicmonday britney spears - 3 best song out right now hands down !,positive
""" i'm not going home ... not really "" i so thought of yes man XD i love harry potter",positive
"i'm mortified when i was downloading britney songs it said similar artists "" paris hilton "" ... uhh yeah , okay buddy . falseadvertisement",positive
RT chaindawgg : I love harry potter < 3,positive
The Saturday Night Live Season 36 with russell brand is so awesome ! Hope everyone can see it .,positive
Just loved nicki minaj feat . Drake - Moment 4 Life -LRB- DJ Kue Remix -RRB- - Dirty . on hypem,positive
"My woman taneciah is obsessed with kim kardashian and her family , and Lindsey Lohan !!!!!!! Lol",positive
"amandabynes "" 3 "" - britney spears :-RRB- yeesssss graaccyyyyyyyy ! i miss you !!!",positive
3 by britney spears . awesome song ... but what is she saying ?,positive
i want a google wave account please,positive
i like nickis minaj new song um Moment 4 life lol its awesome shes a cool person :-RRB- but love lady gaga ha more lol :-RRB- :-RRB- Chubba < 3,positive
I favorited a YouTube video -- justin bieber Hits On Barbara Walters The View ! - Runaw ... .,positive
i'm dropping a britney spears disco remix tomorrow ... which is just a taste of what's to come .,positive
watching an xbox live video about dragon age : origins dlc . the quality of art design in this game reminds me very much of too human .,positive
"believe it or not , google wave has already proven to be sort of useful between team members",positive
"listening to britney spears , her music puts me in a good mood .",positive
"Emma I'm your fan I love harry potter I'm from Brazil if someday you come here in Brazil , please let me know I'm your number 1 fan",positive
"ms dhoni has emerged as my hero ! Honest , confident and to top it all totally humble . Kudos !",positive
going to pensacola with par linz kinz and alex . listening to britney spears first cd . good times .,positive
Diligent environmentalist al gore has written a new book : Our Choice . The Ipad version pretty much utilizes its possibility in great ways .,positive
VP joe biden unveils the college completion toolkit to help state governors improve college graduation rates .,positive
"At this moment in time I am beginning to feel like harry potter is something I will never grow out of , that will stay with me forever -LRB- :",positive
I favorited a YouTube video -- Little lady gaga Fans .,positive
"Justin Bieber , thank you for being you . Thank you so much for making selena gomez smiles and laughs a lot . WeLoveJelena",positive
Meeting ... Who like harry potter ? please show you hand   o / / >>   o / /,positive
My loves a revolver my sex is killer do you want to die happy do you want to die happy . fucking love madonna ... ...,positive
Twitition Let Uzma fulfill her wish : Tell justin bieber she love him .,positive
"jailbait beat lady gag , miley cyrus , taylor swift and britney spears 4 best international pop artist 2009 los premios mtv latin america awards !",positive
"My brother-in-law has Apple on the brain . I tell him I love my Thinkpad , he says an ipad is more useful . Smartphone ? Just get an phone ...",positive
Late night I got so charlie sheen'd i triedtelling a story some bitch Kayne West me so Chris brown her . .,positive
god of war psp is very satisfying .,positive
_ ShawtyLov3JB i'm amazing :-RRB- i saw harry potter the deathly hollows part 1,positive
google wave me please : -RRB-,positive
"waiting for mike to break out his boots and spandex , rip his shirt off , and sing katy perry already .",positive
: i barely survive without my ipod,positive
i love you britney spears but i do not like your new song : / * changes channel,positive
"My major dream is gomez knows justin bieber , demi lovato , selena , and miley cyrus I want them very much follow me in twitter ladivabieber",positive
"Derek Jeter , Joe Mauer , albert pujols , Josh Hamilton , Dustin Pedroia top five most purchased baseball jerseys .",positive
recommended a look at windows 7 on boxee . check it out at,positive
omg !!! i'm like 6 weeks away from seeing britney spears ... i'm so excited i love her so much . loving' her new single' 3' check it out !!!,positive
"i would love one of your google wave invites , eelkehermens gmail.com",positive
i love harry potter marathons < 3,positive
I don care what anyone says i think katy perry has a great voice !,positive
"i love that my dads a fan of Melannie Fiona , Jennifer Hudson , and alicia keys :D ha",positive
I got google Chrome ! It's the most amazing browsing experience I've ever experienced .,positive
"just watched "" raising arizona "" again - forgot how much i love that movie . back when nicolas cage made good movies ...",positive
"been playing with windows 7 a bit , i must say i'm not disappointed yet . though i've seen some nifty os x like ui design along the way . .",positive
britney spears changed my life funny pop music t shirt,positive
yeah i just updated to windows 7 on my pc desktop and its pretty cool but i love my mac and i have only had it for two days lol,positive
LMFAO I FUCKING LOVE BELIEBERS . I went on omegle and said' swag' and now I'm jaden smith talking to justin bieber . LMFAO,positive
gaga is looking great in those pictures !,positive
gagafanforever8 ahh ... you love lady gaga,positive
"Regardless of my political party , I will ALWAYS love hillary clinton .",positive
"watching knowing . its actually pretty good , i'm a fan of nicolas cage , but i don't know if anything can ever beat the wicker man .",positive
What Is Your favorite lady gaga Live Performance ?,positive
OMG ! I love google Chrome with Hootsuite ! Not a single crash !,positive
i am so a shamed to say that im in love with britney spears - 3 song heheeh,positive
"breaking : kanye west says "" imma let you finish barack , but jimmy carter' is nobel was the best ever ! "" -LRB- via rjennings333 -RRB-",positive
"Chris Brown has a song with justin bieber that isn't even all that , yet it's 4 on itunes . justin bieber , your fans are nuts and I love it !",positive
I see you follow sarah palin and other persons of interest I follow . I believe Sarah is an educated & savvy business person,positive
RT newmediamike : Amazing List Of Every google Product And How Much We Depend On Them - . - not all was good,positive
"Americans capture the Presidents Cup : SAN FRANCISCO -- tiger woods had a perfect week , and the Americans st. .",positive
a kindle sure would come in handy right now !,positive
lindsay lohan i love you .,positive
"i love love love BradPaisley but one of my favorite songs ever is "" why Georgia "" by john mayer . it was love at first sight",positive
"it finally arrived . doing a fresh install of windows 7 . my computer will be wiped out , starting from scratch . yay ! : d",positive
wait is nikki minaj trying to be like lady gaga . . if so then is sucks at it . . GAGA is the BEST : D,positive
just made my budget for the next month . i might cry looks like i wont be getting a wii or a flat screen or more furniture any time soon . fml,positive
"ha watched the first and second harry potter movies , just realized how much I love them , lol",positive
"congratulations b , you deserve this and much more !!!! britney spears 4ever !!!!!!!!!",positive
"happy children's day 4 everybody !!! i recommend "" 3 "" by britney spears to to hear during the holiday ! good listening .",positive
"Yall got ta hear Chris Rock at the end of "" Blame Game "" by Kanye West & john legend . Tooooo Funny ... lol",positive
"i love this . . boyfriend is watching football , baby is sleeping . . i'm on my ipod headphones on listening to jordanknight so relaxing !",positive
"Did not know Wale , Wiz ok , jimmy fallon , Marc Anthony , Tyler Perry , & Angela Simmons were Virgos . Thanks Daily Virgo ! random",positive
SimplySmileXO : I love your lady gaga tweet !!!!! : D,positive
"if anyone is willing , i would really love a google wave invite ! brian.cibelli gmail.com",positive
BASKETBALL SEASON who about it ? You about it ? I about it !! It's the NBA whereamazinghappens SPURS -LRB- my homies -RRB- & lakers -LRB- defending -RRB- LetsGo,positive
Wow a day with brooke saw harry potter and the deathly hallows part 1 it was amazing and going home now so tired i love snow : -RRB-,positive
sitting in the library studying some gi tract and fun stuff ... it literally is shit ha . cant wait to play some wii in like an hour though ...,positive
"my house mate doesn't believe i just kissed britney spears incredible ! so , would you like to ?",positive
Review : britney spears returns to the club with the gutsy and infectious Femme Fatale - HitFix.com . BOOM,positive
"charlie sheen should market an energy drink called' Rant Fuel' . Flavors : Terrestial Warlock , Uh Winning , Tiger Blood .",positive
i agree !!! thank lindsay lohan -,positive
""" yeah know you don't hear the good ones any more like soulja boy . "" my mother :-RRB- alexisnan haydenfryery",positive
"britney spears' new single "" 3 "" has an incredibly addicting beat . i officially love it ...",positive
installed windows 7 . its real nice . its kust a shame no drivers for seven . had to install and go back to experience : -LRB-,positive
could anyone spare me a google wave invite ? pretty please ? googlewave,positive
britney spears - 3 . . love the new song and can't wait to see the video ... go brit !!!!!!! < 3,positive
"TeamFollowBack mandy moore : Protect Your Pets ! : mandy moore cuddles a puppy as she helps launch PetArmor , the A ... .",positive
I love the harry potter movies ! Just saying . . NBD,positive
"has given up on firefox for good , keeps crashing ... welcome home google chrome I do love you so !",positive
Little Richard was nicki minaj before she ever was her !!!! Him and all these facial expressions and personalities,positive
"listening 2 "" 3 "" by ms britney spears cant wait 4 the video on oct . 19 you guys need 2 love her new single also buy her single collection nov . 24 !",positive
give stanza a look . it's pretty good . kindle application for phone is good too . what about sony's book reader ?,positive
"ngmoco I love to play from my ipad !!! But if it's not available or I'm too lazy to carry it in bed , it's my phone",positive
"Valentine's Day , Just Married , & A Lot Like Love . Those are good ashton kutcher movies . Typical fun rom-coms . Don't ... .",positive
got some cool new iphone cases & bt headsets . i love being on the list for this stuff .,positive
"ok love game is on . . lady gaga , my dear , you need new music ; -RRB-",positive
oh justinbieber and taylorswift are in the same country ?? : o that's amazing ! I wish I were british ... ha,positive
ms dhoni - The reservoir of self-contained confidence : Mahendra Singh Dhoni speaks with a peculiar kind of hones ... .,positive
Omg . Just saw harry potter and the deathly hallows . That was so great . And to think the 2nd one will be even better . yes !,positive
"Just got back from watching harry potter , I'm actually pretty impressed ! Can't wait for part 2 lol . I love you Megan brown",positive
Agreed sarah palin could very well be the next rising star Our Country needs but she must start rising !,positive
Trying to sleep but chelsea handler got me rolling ... Lololol !,positive
I guess it's time I listen to some taylor swift .,positive
that awkward moment when u tell ellen that justin bieber is like your little brother in 2010 then a year later he suddenly is your boyfriend .,positive
setting up our new wii and getting ready foe some cowboy's football !,positive
20 iphone apps that could improve your business .,positive
im a dead beat heart britney spears fan -LRB- :,positive
"lohan mock dating video : as it turns out , lindsay lohan is a pretty good sport . lalohan teamed up with funnyordi . .",positive
souljaboy do his thing though . . can't fake . . I do be on that PBS . . Pretty Boy Swag !,positive
46 i love lady gaga ! 100factsaboutme,positive
Mila kunis and justin timberlake were perfect on television today and lady gag performed judas for the first time !,positive
at ihop with mother and best friend . lol she got mad because i was playing my psp .,positive
"favorite lady gaga quote ? :-RRB- -- i love every word she says but i have to pick "" Some women choose to follow men , an ... .",positive
"Okay , google television sounds awesome , but I dunno if I want google as my main information platform . I heart google , but I heart choice even more",positive
Great news NUX fans ! We have extended our giveaway of kim kardashian's NUX USA jacket to give you more time to ... .,positive
"I'm one of the 10 people who likes Law & Order : LA , but the khloe kardashian cameo was awful . I miss Boomtown . That was a great LA cop show .",positive
play more britney spears !!! i want to hear 3 britney spears again and again ... stop with lady gag paparazzi . . your killing it 4 me,positive
"RT StefanW Scary : "" Amazing List Of Every google Product And How Much We Depend On Them "" simplyzesty .",positive
"no school today . ha . now im just jamming to britney spears . ugh , i love her . her musics legitimate , better than madonna ! muhaha",positive
I remember I used to have a crush on ashley tisdale when she was a blonde .,positive
nicki minaj's music really brings out the independent sassy black woman inside of me .,positive
"tiger woods finishes 5-0 as U.S. wins Presidents Cup - ESPN : Oct 11 , 2009 ... tiger woods had a perfect week , a . .",positive
listening to last fm on xbox live is actually pretty cool . : -RRB-,positive
10 essential third party security apps for windows 7 www.zatz.com/13lj,positive
andersoncooper I love lady gaga I'm going to her concert in buffalo in march which seems like 4ever,positive
harry potter = the best movie in the world !,positive
"Well , I'm very proud of barack obama for winning the Nobel Peace Prize .",positive
iphone / pod touch people . excellent new radar application .,positive
"i love britney spears , she is the best",positive
"Honestly honestly , Gim me More is one of my favorite britney spears video ... i just love the whole concept of it ... as well as the coloring .",positive
"yeah , i wonder what atlus is gon na do since they have the rights to the wii version . i think the psp one would be more profitable",positive
where do you live again ? i love the summer time . i go to the park with my ipod and swing all day . lol,positive
selena gomez = Singer ✔ Funny ✔ Actress ✔ Outgoing ✔ Beautiful ✔ Smart ✔ Laugh ✔ Smile ✔ Style ✔ Love towards her fans ✔ Fans love her ✔,positive
my ipod is alive again . thank god .,positive
my iphone has been perfect so far . no complaints .,positive
so proud of barack obama and the Nobel Peace prize . So much more to come . Bless him ...,positive
am being challenged on my wii bowling skills . silly bitch doesn't know what he's getting into . -LSB- 36hrs46mins -RSB-,positive
I love justin bieber . she's my hero .,positive
We'll be like will and jada . . ashton kutcher and demi moore . . except ill love u more . . too be continued ... .,positive
blog tidy up : all apple mac iphone blog posts now under one convenient category heading,positive
Selena Gomez is beautiful . miley cyrus is cool . Demi Lovato is a strong girl ever . Justin Bieber is an inspiration . I am a person who love them .,positive
hillary clinton brings US peace tour to Moscow - RT,positive
"watching parent trap ... quite possibly lindsay lohan' s best work "" yeah i thought mean girls was good too !",positive
These tweets about lady gaga remind me that I dreamt of her ... I saw a concert of her with the Modern Family people and then we were friends XD,positive
36 . eu nao acho a lady gaga super foda 100factsaboutme,positive
"Quality night , amazing costumes but got ta say lady gaga was the best though . . poor gaga left shoes and phone in my car ha",positive
"myself like the pc more than consoles , my pc is better than a ps3 in my opinion . only the wii is fun console .",positive
the photo is the lindsay lohan of the song bossy the song is very good,positive
"my new favorite commercial : "" oh noooo ... you're tire's all flat and junk ! "" -LRB- in the best southern accent , very britney spears - like -RRB- love it !",positive
"Looking to join the prestigious ranks of charlie sheen , Chris Brown and Mel Gibson , Nicolas Cage was arrested for ... .",positive
taylor swift is amazing . Her lyrics have helped me through so much : -RRB-,positive
I'LL deathmatch justin bieber 20 TIMES FOR YOU WHEN HE COMES ONLINE IF YOU GO FOLLOW iBieberRoses iBieberRoses iBieberRoses I PROMISE :-RRB- 4,positive
"i would love a kindle , but the cost is prohibitive right now . i am considering funding alternatives ...",positive
""" kurtwurk anytime ! In the words of justin timberlake "" "" I'm bringing gnocchi back -- YEAH !! "" "" . """,positive
shortys like a melody in my head got me singing na na na na ... ... it's like my ipod' is stuck on replay . :-RRB- good song by iyaz all up in there .,positive
at the sprint store fixing my phone . trying out the palm pre awesome phone but iphone is better,positive
listening to a song i love : britney spears - radar -LRB- tommy love club mix -RRB-,positive
working with google wave robot tweety . really interesting stuff .,positive
"All of the awesome in the world is eclipsed by The Roots , stephen colbert and Taylor Hicks performing "" Friday "" . fun",positive
"Kanye West during SXSW : Jay-Z , john legend , Kid Cudi and some-more join all-star festival closeout : Image Credit ... .",positive
"Really guys , justin bieber hasn't been a TT for so long ! Help me trend it !!!",positive
""" Red Light Special "" still makes me want to go all kim kardashian on somebody like I should be working a corner on Harry Hines .",positive
"Miley Cyrus , I want your hair . taylor swift , I want your smile . Demi Lovato , I want your voice .",positive
I just love britney Griner . That is all . baylor,positive
"i'm walking to walgreens to go get a happy belated birthday card . actually no , i'm changing first . wii boxers and john ohh shirt wont' do",positive
Someone like harry potter ? I love ♥,positive
I just commented : I CAn't WAIT TO SEE it !!! in the taylor swift phone application .,positive
i love britney spears !! : $ she's well gid !,positive
"listening to : Smile "" by micheal jackson , this song always seems to relax me .",positive
downloaded it . like it ! 4 record didn't like amy song britney spears & risque 3 ; to debut atop hot 100,positive
i miss waking up in the middle of the night & hearing surat albaqarah whispering to us in a reassuring way ! amooon i want my ipod back !!,positive
i'm so proud of britney spears ! first artist whose single debuted at number 1 in 3 years !!!,positive
wow !!! 3 britney spears is no . 1 on bb hot 100 chart congratulations to her : -RRB-,positive
just had a nice bath . gon na play my long neglected psp for awhile and sleep . goodnight and sweet dreams all .,positive
i love you more than britney spears,positive
I love the lakers them the only niggas I love besides ma family,positive
Jacksonter look at how amazing lady gaga shoes are in that picture ! ; D,positive
I love harry potter . < 3,positive
nowplaying miley cyrus - Bottom Of The Ocean love this song < 3,positive
mannequin - britney spears -LRB- yall dnt know what this song does to me ! -RRB- best song ever,positive
"it's times like these i wish i had a kindle or something similar ! i have catching fire in book form , and i want to read it !",positive
miley cyrus : like or dislike ? -- Like .,positive
eu amo a britney spears i love you britney ... i ned you kiss,positive
I love Miley Cyrus and demi lovato and Taylor Swift : -RRB-,positive
"Ainda estou com sequelas do show the shakira , QUERO OUTRO !! Perfect !",positive
I was feeling BET for a minute till they cut a micheal jackson joint to play J Holiday ?? WTF ?? Kissssteeeeth,positive
i love my ipod on shuffle . its like my schizophrenia is the dj and all my personalities are the guests .,positive
im getting' super hyped up while listening to 3 by britney spears ! super nice !!,positive
love that show jeff you the man !! live your book as well . bought it on kindle 4 phone and off audible.com . great read . thanks,positive
"war , inc . was good . if you liked it , you'll also like "" lord of war "" with nicolas cage ...",positive
katy perry is the most attractive woman on the planet . i'd marry her in an instant,positive
lately we've been playing easports fifa soccer and tennis rockonmommies what game do you guys play ? love the wii,positive
When charlie sheen goes out to eat he doesn't order . The waiter just automatically brings him a big steaming dish of winning,positive
is about to put jls - everybody in love on his ipod ... his i've given in ! kmt ! lol !,positive
today I officially love my ipad .,positive
listening to britney spears she still is awesome : -RRB-,positive
I love backtodecember by taylor swift . That girl speaks to me .,positive
"ahhh , ahaaaa , i love you baby -LRB- essa é a versão britney spears -RRB-",positive
on itunes ? i don't know . . but i need a new ipod because it's all filled up . . damn thing .,positive
whys Amber Rose sooooo sexyyyyy wont say shes my role model khloe kardashian is im talking famous people not in general,positive
watching harry potter and relaxing trying to ignore my bed calling xx,positive
"i think i'd get most of the way through the fire but burn , losing it forever . then i'd settle for going back for the wii .",positive
"coincidentally , it's pride weekend in psp . oh snaps , girl ! i'm finna bag me an octogenerian shuggah daddy .",positive
Can't wait to finally see taylor swift in Concert this year -LRB- :,positive
oh lindsay lohan . i could listen to confessions of a broken heart over and over . such a good song . and i can relate to it so much,positive
new moon is coming out in like a month or sooo !! aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !! harry potter dvd out soon 22 !!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh,positive
Got my ipad . Yay ! I love the open commerce the Interwebs gives us .,positive
"on my way to math class . got the ipod to my left , internet on right . i love technology",positive
not even for $ 8.98 ... waste of paper ... and i have a kindle ; -RRB-,positive
""" Who's that from ? "" "" My boyfriend . "" "" ... Me ? "" "" No , justin bieber . "" "" That's tight ... who's it from ? """,positive
I'm tweeting from an ipad at the Apple Store . This thing is fucking epic .,positive
"jamming to 3 by britney spears , her concert was amazing this year !!!",positive
are you working with britney spears now ! i love madonna and britney . i want to see you in ´ ´ 3 ´ ´ video clip ! _ brazil,positive
I need to get out to LA !!! All these Prince shows at the Forum are sounding amazing !! alicia keys and Prince singing a duet ! love it !,positive
I love that alicia keys song,positive
So Dani just watch harry potter for the first time and she loved it ! Lol she said can we watch all of them now please ?,positive
"T Jefferson Supported Gov Run Health Care , fast forward to 2010 & lobbyist/insurers pay politicians john mccain & tea party radicals off",positive
just made an impulsive splurge buy and got a wii . :-RRB- can't wait to get it set up !,positive
Love my lady gaga heartbeatz !! .,positive
I absolutely love ellen degeneres !!! Watching TheEllenShow and she went out of her way to dance with the girl in the wheelchair ! smile : -RRB-,positive
Sick on couch = harry potter marathon 1-6 !!! How glorious : -RRB-,positive
son has just announced that if he dies he is taking his psp with him ! not sure where that came from but okay !,positive
alicia keys' HIV benefit concert was fantastic ! Had such a great time ! She really is amazing !,positive
the new wii fit plus is the funniest ever ! i just love the mushrooms and the kung fu - i'm so drunk and i aaaache ;-LRB- bring ittt onnnn,positive
Mmmm & I forgot how much I love having a ipad . Even if it is slightly pointless !,positive
"The first time I watched Alpha Dog , I kept telling my cousin , "" Don't worry , justin timberlake won't do it . "" ... My mistake .",positive
"JustSayin , but I'm pretty sure if al gore had been voted POTUS a few years back , we would be better off as country right now . IMO .",positive
"Kim , Kourtney , khloe kardashian are so amazing , they're funny , cute , nice and SO beautiful . I respect them so much .",positive
i love britney spears such an idol : -RRB-,positive
That awkward moment when you're gon na give nick jonas a hug but he high fives you because hugs are over-rated to him .,positive
"harry potter i fucking' love harry potter . it's the best film of all times , for me . : -RRB-",positive
"windows 7 sales and revenue look good in first week : well , the numbers for week 1 are in , and they look good . .",positive
Bret Easton Ellis : How charlie sheen Is Giving Us What We Want - The Daily Beast . -LRB- via Instapaper -RRB-,positive
soulja boy Is A Good Rapper StopRightThere,positive
"don't know if anyone is doing it , but google wave seems to be a good place for newsrooms to collaborate in real-time for elections .",positive
i fixed my kindle because i'm feckin awesome like that !,positive
"watching sky news on my xbox 360 , very lovely stuff .",positive
Normal teenage girls love justin bieber . If you're one of those girls who don't like justin bieber there's something wrong with you !! : O,positive
i'm your littler monster . i love lady gaga,positive
"PHOTOS : 7 Amazing britney spears Fan Tattoos . they are awesome . . :-RRB- britneysclub , britneyspears",positive
"i love britney spears , showtunes , and disney . the end !",positive
"... Why the crap is Alpha Dog trending ? I love a good justin timberlake movie as much as the next guy but c'mon . How vintage 2006 , Twitter .",positive
i love demi lovato KATY PERRY SELENA GOMEZ LADY gag MILEY CYRUS AND THE BIG BIG love TAYLOR SWIFT,positive
"Mmmmmmm Twitter on ipad , wow loves apple ... .",positive
canon powershot . i love mine and it's very reliable & easy to use .,positive
is it because i am microsoft guy ? or do i have to beg more to get a google wave invitation ?,positive
lucky by britney spears ?! do it < 3 that's my favorite . rt : ramielemalubay : thedannynoriega why didnt we think of lucky ?,positive
"for some awkward reason , iphone application updates make me really happy . ; p",positive
"my favorite singer -LRB- britney spears -RRB-' s single "" 3 "" hits number one of itunes chart . i'm glad to hear that . love , love her so much .",positive
amazing clock for windows 7,positive
yessir ... I fucking love it . LAKESHOW ALL DAY ! RT PLAE I swear when the lakers play my TL is ACTIVE,positive
"Follow us if you like the following celebrities : Bruno Mars , Miley Cyrus , Taylor Swift , Jordin Sparks , Keke Palmer and ashley tisdale .",positive
Now why would I ever stop doing this . . -LRB- mc hammer voice -RRB- look at my eyes maaaan ... can't touch this,positive
im a micheal jackson lover hah . xD -LRB- via ASiAbAbbi -RRB- < ~ mee too adorebrittanyox Meee Three ! Have you guys saw My wallpaper : -RRB-,positive
delayedtweets britney spears has a new song called womanizer . i hope it becomes popular,positive
thank you bon :-RRB- i enjoy playing around with my psp program love all beautiful colors,positive
"I just took "" You're Pete Wentz' Daughter and Your Married To justin bieber . He's abus ... "" and got : Part 12 ^_^ ! Try it : .",positive
"since when is it okay to say hell and ass on disney channel ? i love harry potter , and i do my fair share of cursing . . but really . . ?",positive
fuuuuck i love my ipod,positive
i just ordered my kindle . now i'm fluctuating between excitement and omg i just blew a lot of money on a kindle .,positive
. . just back from seeing harry potter ! . . was awesome !!! . . :-RRB- need to watch 6 again though . lol . .,positive
hey beliebers . . i love justin bieber . . -LRB- :,positive
"It Cracks me up when people don like miley cyrus . . cause while theyre busy talking shit about her im thinking "" wow your pod fucking sucks """,positive
"video : i just thought that everyone should know , that i love hilary swank . she is amazing . also , this movie ... ...",positive
well ... got my wii to play super smash brothers brawl ... for 3 minutes . i got it christmas of 08 and the game won't work experience,positive
perez hilton >> britney breaks billboard record ! : good for her ! britney spears' latest single ... < 3 chupaaa perez ! q,positive
want to be updated by the global hunger index ? . -LRB- love the use of google plat to make this data readable -RRB-,positive
ii love you so much lindsay lohan * you are my idol,positive
i'm feeling a good wii bowling game coming ... you ready ?!,positive
using google wave to share porn with friends it's a great way to see how it handles movies and images : - d,positive
"damn it , want to buy machinarium now . i also need something new for my ps3 / wii . they are getting dusty , the poor souls .",positive
harry potter marathon . loving it ! = -RSB-,positive
Just discovered the google Scholar search feature . A great tool & quick way to find scholarly articles for research papers google,positive
acoracle love the NBA go lakers . Watching UFC now .,positive
mm 3 - britney spears -LSB- yes i would -RSB-,positive
can't stop listening to britney spears - 3 . such an awesome driving song ! xd,positive
"alex rodriguez belts grand slam , has 6 RBI in Yankees' win : BALTIMORE -- With his "" dead arm "" feeling more alive , ... .",positive
"Veteran VA GOPer Frank Wolfe gives Speaker props budget deal : "" easy to condemn , complain "" "" I think john boehner has done an incredible job """,positive
oh ... im not good at games like that -LRB- only at guitar hero experience -RRB- but i like playing wii ...,positive
i'd love to try google wave . could you please send me an invite ?,positive
""" I could really use a wish right now . I need some ass . "" - hillary Fisk",positive
sarah palin is the best thing to ever happen to conservatives,positive
Is it weird that weird al is the only celebrity I follow on Twitter ?,positive
"my love for hilary swank due to movies like iron jawed angels & freedom writers makes me really want to see it . plus , i hear its amazing .",positive
"Well I'd like four different 6' dildo's . Named Chris , Leo , justin timberlake & Rob .",positive
"harry potter is my absolute favorite . If I lived in harry potter land , I think I'd be Ron , -LRB- though secretly , sometimes , I'd like to be Hermoine -RRB-",positive
windows 7 is the best non-unix based os i have ever used . you should be very happy together .,positive
"Famous Arians : Celine Dion , Mariah Carey , Dian Ross , Elton John , David Letterman , Russel Crowe , al gore , Reese Witherspoon , Eddie Murphy .",positive
recently watched halo legends premiere : babysitter on xbox live waypoint . found it surprisingly interesting - very high product . value . anime,positive
"im blasting 3 by britney spears into my ears ... wow seriously its super high quality , super clear & really addictive !",positive
Its a shame that ive seen pne other girl wearinh a nick jonas shirt but wont talk to her because she has also worn a Beaver shirt . Shame shame,positive
"I have so many legends i LOVE and one of them is ... shakira so many albums , i just love her < 3",positive
tomorrow we have art class ! love it ! lsning to britney spears - piece of me,positive
i hope i'm 20 years old now ! SO My parents will let me to watch justin bieber concert,positive
album de britney sort demain ? NRJhitmusiconly,positive
Every girl deserves the romance described in taylor swift's songs .,positive
"miley cyrus isn't just a girl to me . She's a girl singing about things in life , love and boys . She's a real good rolemodel to me .",positive
paulpierce34 old ass fucker . GO lakers !,positive
playing spyro the dragon on psp . i still love it !,positive
"and by awful , they clearly mean awesome . the amazing awfulness of wii game `` sukeban shachou rena """,positive
- i absolutely love britney spears ♥,positive
i mean . . perez hilton & lady gaga are really fucking cool because they're encouraging satan & rebelling against society : * s0 awesome,positive
god of war : chains of olympus ... amazing psp game !,positive
the joy of psp ...,positive
jimmy fallon & Craig Ferguson & Chelsea Handler - Funniest Late Night Talk Shows ... Oh and of course George Lopez,positive
Shout out 2 lakers follow back if you love the lakers like we do,positive
so sorry that people don't like your new video & say you would be like a skank and be the new britney spears . you're not !! great video,positive
wow i want a black nintendo wii : -RRB-,positive
yesterday i watched harry potter and unstoppable . great movies ! two thumbs up for them !,positive
"haa , i love the wii fit plus .",positive
"tiger woods leads exult for sport's inclusion in Games - Golf has a tee time for 2016 , and tiger woods can hardly w ...",positive
"are . I . P "" micheal jackson "" we all love you , AND MISS you ... long live -LCB- THE KING OF POP -RCB- !!!",positive
i have just found this awesome application for my iphone which i am now totally addicted to !! seriously night tweeters :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-,positive
-LRB- ° ё ° -RRB- RT fubiz Amazing ipad Animations .,positive
out with kennanderson55 for britney spears night ? sounds good to me : -RRB-,positive
Airport . . :-LRB- by nick jonas . I love you,positive
i have the kindle application . it's pretty cool . i read books this summer while backpacking through europe because of it . : -RRB-,positive
"hell yeah , nicolas cage and john travolta are awesome !",positive
""" britney spears - lucky "" is a good old song . classic . musicmonday mm",positive
notice that he cobbled together his a/v equipment on windows 7 ? it is a pretty nice os . -LRB- nr's link :,positive
I love watching harry potter movies and picking them apart while talking to harry potter fans .,positive
Steph_Buggera you got an ipad ? Awesome . are you in heaven ?,positive
botRT : Naaaw ! My friend ordered the first taylor swift redord from Germany ! She told me I can borrow it from he ... .,positive
GirlieMayJones i like lady gaga and iam glad that she was featured in android CM her pictures are all over tokyo ... love it,positive
"My Top 3 lastfm Artists : britney spears -LRB- 131 -RRB- , Glee Cast -LRB- 31 -RRB- & Rihanna -LRB- 25 -RRB- .",positive
loves britney spears ! she is awesome : d,positive
I voted for Born This Way - lady gaga on JoJoWright's Top 9 9 on KIISFM . Vote for your favorite song ! .,positive
Chelsealove95 read the harry potter books silly =] lol,positive
"i love lindsay lohan . i saw all her movies , just because she was in them",positive
"new xbox day is a good day . i almost fell asleep in pysch , bummer because we discussed the stages of life . my prof . is amazing .",positive
i bet lady gaga could make the worst song ever and people will still buy it because she is so awesome,positive
"RT johnbiehler : Love getting google alerts for my content on sites titled "" Welcome to the World of Auto Blogging "" fail",positive
"Quote : "" I would really like to be a legend like madonna . When she's performing , the audience is just in awe of her . "" -",positive
"Grassroots to strike gold : The backing of the world's top players - most notably tiger woods , of course - has b . .",positive
"Dear justin , Gray Hoodies turned into Leather Jackets , "" Ay ! "" turned into "" Swag "" , u grew up , and we've been here all the way . RT i u love Bieber ♥",positive
Loving the advanced news feature on google Search : .,positive
Drea0476 not you eait . you love that phone and ipad too . lol,positive
"i love this song "" one kiss from you "" - britney spears - album : oops i didt it again",positive
Love my ipad : RT USATODAYmoney : High hopes for ipad push Apple shares near $ 300 .,positive
Brittney Spears and justin timberlake were so cute together !,positive
good thing there's no assignments . . gon na play my psp the whole night !,positive
musicmonday check out britney spears 3 ! amazing song people !,positive
"today , i show to my friend the new single of britney spears , three "" 3 "" , i love it .",positive
4 . I love taylor swift 100factsaboutme,positive
"Selly G is a great rapper ! i love her and I admire her !! , but my heart is of selena gomez ! I am sorry Selly G , :-RRB- I support you",positive
this guy looks like charlie sheen lol .,positive
"Demi Tomato , Selena Guava , Miley Citrus , Hotnas Brothers , Taylor Sweep , Lady DaDa , Bruno Jupiter , britney Pears , Katy Berry . epic",positive
"Think about martha stewart's feed . SO much fun , and spends the volume on MSNBC : Mid-haircut stabbing . .",positive
"wii safer than box 360 in holiday war : is wii has faltered in the first half due to lack of top game titles , ho . .",positive
i love justinbieber' s new song & britney spears new song 3 !,positive
Reesh has very good taste . nicki minaj is an utter babe .,positive
Don't disrespect the thing RT NIEKA_GREATAZ : boooooooooRT BuZZeDaPromoter : lakers lakers lakers lakers -LRB- continued -RRB- .,positive
Cuba's Fidel Castro hails barack obama' is Nobel peace prize,positive
i am on studymode i am online on my ipod took a break hehe :-RRB- -RRB- wow awesome ! cool : -RRB-,positive
Man I love harry potter !,positive
do you like reading !? you will love the kindle,positive
The faces of the 14 guys in my power lifting class when justin bieber came on ... PRICELESS ! ha ha .,positive
At sentosacove . Enjoying the cool breeze at the balcony with sister and listening to mariah carey songs . She's awesome !,positive
"dunno why but i like lindsay lohan , she's my favorite "" celebrity "" . lindsaylohan",positive
"In honor of Matthew's birthday , we must all listen to Lady gag , britney spears and Lights , continuously .",positive
"listening to everything britney spears . from baby one time to 3 . this is going to be an awesome night . plus , all her mv's . fun !",positive
no one album should have all that acoustic guitar . rap album least . I expect it from john mayer . but then again he actually plays guitar .,positive
"john mccain picked Sarah Palin to be his partner , so in comparison to that , McCain hooking up with the rebels is smart Libya",positive
"i've had my kindle since last christmas . traveling in an rv , space is at a premium . kindle is now my library ! love it !",positive
Well if it rains I'm checking out zakta's wizard guide and watching all the movies in a row !! I love harry potter and I'm 26 !!,positive
omg listening to 3 ! from britney spears i love it !!!!,positive
i think the kindle is great . any time access to a huge selection of books -LRB- cheaper than paper ones -RRB- & perfect for travel !,positive
"madonna brava was great ! And twas nice to see so many friends in ccp . Tonight was a good , good night ! - Update via SMS using",positive
Check this video out -- Next 2 U ft . justin bieber - Chris Brown -LRB- Lyrics in Des . -RRB- . via youtube OMB best song ever,positive
I love it when google change their logo to match the occasion of the day . . :D RT if you do too ♥,positive
"i wish i got paid to dance around in lingerie and lip sync in front of tons of people . yes , i wish i were britney spears . one can only dream",positive
britney i love you' britney spears and justin timberlake',positive
"I just took "" You and justin bieber have been best friends ever since you were babies . why ... "" and got : Part 5 < 3 ! Try it : .",positive
Perfect Couples : Rebecca Black and justin bieber .,positive
I love justin bieber and lady gaga justin bieber is so good at singing and lady gaga is so pretty and really cool like justin bieber,positive
I will never understand how people can hate demi lovato . It's like hating the biggest sweetheart in this world .,positive
main i miss lindsay lohan as i look back in the old ` magazines,positive
JrMozart Bought an ipad . Love it .,positive
"Nisaaa24 Ohhhhhmygosh :D ha thats freaking dope ! and youre not obsessed , you just REAAAAAALLY love the lakers",positive
google powered TVs by Sony ? Sounds like a great idea .,positive
Now that it's December I think its safe to listen to Christmas tree by lady gaga . I love me some gaga,positive
der_vt only goes on her computer like once or twice a day . we are trying to convince her to get an iphone like us !!,positive
love that song ! britney spears - break the ice,positive
google wave - yes please !,positive
is pretty high now after finishing 2 bottles of wine.im talking shizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . and britney spears sounds awesome,positive
what's good som ? got an iphone now ...,positive
"lady gaga Wraps "" Born This Way "" : lady gaga tweeted that her new album , the much anticipated Born This Way , was t ... .",positive
"confession time ... google wave is the first thing technology wise that makes me feel like "" frozen caveman lawyer "" in forever ...",positive
Rebecca Black looks like demi lovato .,positive
"justin bieber with Chris Brown ... "" Up "" and "" Next to You "" both love",positive
Damn fucked up ! Let's go lakers !,positive
Sex and Celebrities : kim kardashian In Sexy German Dress And Posing Nud ... .,positive
"' I Love , You Love' by john legend is a damn lullaby ... about to put this ONE song on repeat tonight . shoot",positive
"`` badd_liqhtskin : harry potter was onn point ; loved it -LSB- : """,positive
Make a KILLING using google maps ? : Thought this was AWESOME - never thought about using it for anything but a retail ... .,positive
pod touch has reader and a kindle application . another money saver and less gizmos .,positive
"66 . my favorite singers are The Pretty Reckless , taylor swift , Selena , Demi , Miley , Short Stack and Plumb -LRB- yes , Plumb is a band -RRB-",positive
ilol . i do like the look of the kindle . i want it for reading reports and articles in pdf .,positive
Where can I find books about taylor swift in the Philippines ? -LRB- I wan na buy -RRB-,positive
"just watched boys don't cry , starring hilary swank and chloe sevingy . such an remarkable film , truly ! can't believe how gripped i was !",positive
I upload a YouTube video -- lady gaga Bad Romance 2ndSource MoL .,positive
selena gomez deserves no hate . Shes such a sweet girl . how can she be hated on .,positive
Every time after I listen to gaga my spirit is uplifted and my heart resumes its beating lady gaga you make my creative spirit live I love you,positive
barnes & noble does the nook . i know you have the kindle . it's amazon only right ?,positive
"I want to have Jasmine V's smile , I want to have miley cyrus' hair and all that is perfect but all I wanted is Selena Gomez's BOYFRIEND",positive
as much as i want a google wave invite ... i am curious how real that twitter account is . any thoughts ? did you get an invite ?,positive
"Actually I love micheal jackson , Kim Kardashian and daddy . They are very successful people who are inspirational .",positive
justin bieber - That One That Can Be Totally Serious at Times And Playful The Next -LRB- :,positive
I can't help but get distracted by music . . Right now shakira is my distraction . : -RRB-,positive
tiger woods : Sports' First Billion-Dollar Man : tiger woods first athlete to break the billion-dollar ear . .,positive
I can't believe Justin and Selena's together . I mean . . I know that they're together but it's UNBELIEVABLE . I always have loved bieber .,positive
"miley cyrus is talented , gorgeous , amazing , caring , inspiring . . She's anything but a slut . Haters , you make me laugh",positive
the oakridbgeboys arethe best ! get their free phone or ipod touch application ! it's the best application on my phone !,positive
just reading Imagine Stories Of justin bieber and wondering How could He be So Horny & Fall in love with a Girl He Met like a Moment before . . ! LMAO ! : P,positive
"is there a way when you' list all songs' on an ipod , it will group by album instead of alphabetically ? i should like such a feature",positive
got my google wave invite today . pretty neat-o . can't wait to see it on android .,positive
"lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- *",positive
"hahaha . omg , yknow my cousin went to click "" start new game "" so i had to restart everything !! . omg , psp ! i love the luxor game !!",positive
Found This : New post : Ryder Cup captain Colin montgomery in awe of tiger woods' team play -LRB-,positive
i'm actually reading makers -LRB- ! -RRB- it's pretty good but i need a kindle .,positive
jimmy carter is a saint compared to barack obama .,positive
"you guys have to have a xbox 360 beta !!! i "" am a huge because fan and i wan na play !!! please reconsider !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",positive
is loving britney spears' 3 ! nice job britney ! and i don't care if her song means . . well . . you know what . . i still love it,positive
"' Unlike With obama , People Who Criticized Bush Had Coherent Reasons' -- Far leftwing nutjob Joan Walsh . To libs obama = God cspanwj tcot",positive
please we want britney spears 3 britneyspears3,positive
Rise and shine darlings ... or you might miss the drama between Robert Pattinson and justin bieber . Curious ? .,positive
"If you were made with love , then you must b a Mac :-RRB- love you iMac ipad and the rest of my apple products that live with me !!! Hehehe !",positive
Listening to old madonna song on the radio ... Lady gag is NO madonna ! madonna was better than lady gag then and she still rules,positive
omfg . john and edward . britney spears . i can't stop laughing . the fucking locket . oh my god . hahahahaha . i love them xdd,positive
listening to 3 by britney spears ! love the song ! congratulations britney it's 1 ! yeah !,positive
bieber teambieber justin bieber Pranks Willow Smith On Stage | Disney Dreaming : justin bieber too ... . bieberfever,positive
Cuba's Fidel Castro hails barack obama' is Nobel peace prize : Cuba's Fidel Castro is the latest world leader to o . .,positive
"SFGSports | Americans win the Presidents Cup : tiger woods had a perfect week , and the Americans stayed . .",positive
apple has better windows 7 support than sony does . and sony's website lies about having windows 7 drivers . be warned .,positive
"It's so weird how Selena can't say : "" IM DATING justin bieber "" she makes it all complicated ... Ugh .",positive
"just watched another film casting nicolas cage , this guy is definitely awesome !",positive
i have an actual kindle and totally love it . the nook looks pretty nice too .,positive
"One year ago , on this very day , justin bieber released My World 2.0 . Since then , he has accomplished so many things . PROUD",positive
"yes !!!!!!!! i wish you could see my "" cranking face "" right now ... my ipod is doing the most ! everyone falls in love sumtime is on !",positive
"creative multimedia kindle rival and motorola droid smartphone ... : -- the nook may go global , if you extrapolate . .",positive
"i'm surprised by how useful the windows 7 thing where windows resize themselves to half the width of the screen is . i'd go as far as "" handy """,positive
25FactsAbtMe I think sarah palin should run for president for my personal entertainment . I miss Tina Fey !,positive
"HEy Max can you send me the cd pretty wings , love it on the Bet tribute to micheal jackson",positive
britney spears 3 please,positive
3 - britney spears i like that song ! -LRB- :,positive
i love britney spears whatcha gon na do now dominick,positive
"jonas brothers , demi lovato , selena gomez and britney spears ... i love so much !!!!!!!!!",positive
"what i love about my ipod touch and i guess in general for most portable players , is the rediscovery of my music",positive
"Paramore , incubus , justin timberlake , a7x , the strokes , motley crue pilih yg mana yaah bingung cc buckupshow",positive
RobKardashian Since you live in LA you must be lakers fan ... Love the lakers ... Go lakers . . please don't say the Kings or Clippers,positive
"In Vegas for lakers game :D Thanks justinehallmark for the tickets , and work for the day off . SO excited muchlove Go lakers !!!",positive
britney spears is so damn pretty !! could watch her videos all day long ! love her music : p,positive
if you can't get an iphone try the next best thing and go htc hero or motorola droid :-RRB- hmm don't know about the pre : s,positive
RT if you love miley cyrus We ♥ Miley,positive
"lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- * 8",positive
"Golf has been approved for the 2016 Olympics , tiger woods they have a gold medal with your name on it",positive
harry potter was awesome !!,positive
"I used to think khloe kardashian wasn't that pretty , but she is actually really pretty .",positive
i thought i almost had to bury my dear friend mr. iphone .,positive
Goaly Moly : Daniel Radcliffe admires lady gaga's flamboyant support of gay rights .,positive
i like britney spears new song ... i wan na hear it now = -LRB-,positive
Don't know if I've mentioned this before but logos + ipad is possibly the greatest Bible study platform ever .,positive
ohh ... yes ... sooo - . - i listen !! 3 the new single fantassstic britney spears the single collection i love it !!!!,positive
guess i'll just sit here and listen 2 my ipod until my mom decidez 2 get the hell off the cpu .,positive
Vita Carminis : Pro-Life & A New Fan of justin bieber - vitacarminis : .,positive
Im proud to say this I'm a miley cyrus fan Yes I do have the Cyrus Virus & I'm loving life : -RRB-,positive
"ChangminFacts yes , i would , we'll go to hogwarts school because both of us loves harry potter xD",positive
"im in love with britney spears' new song . im totally dancing in my car . "" 1 . . 2 . . 3 !! """,positive
Speechless by alicia keys and Devil In A New Dress by Kanye just played back to back on my shuffle ... thought that was cool . . lol,positive
i ´ m very good listening musik of britney spears,positive
BrentDPayne I'm seeing XXmil internal links for one of my sites :-RRB- some great updates to google,positive
oh fuck you Lucky . Making a charlie sheen joke . YOU'RE NOT WINNING AND YOUR BLOOD IS FILLED WITH FAGGOTRY .,positive
on the bussss . so all i have to do for homework is read ! i'm so happy ! well listening to 3 by britney spears on my pod : d,positive
"anyone who hasnt seen the perez hilton and Cher Lloyd interview watch it ! its hilarious , ive seen it about 4 times and it never gets old < 3",positive
it's going to be a thriller ... . . india's new mr. dependable GAMBHIR vs d capt . cool and the dynamic ms dhoni ... who's gon na win ?? have your say,positive
"listening to britney spears in the car ... "" all eyes on me in the center of the ring just like a circus . """,positive
love love love britneyspears ... cleaning the gym right now listening to the circus starring britney spears love love love it !!!!,positive
"Her smile , Her laugh , Her hair , Her chin , Her personality , Her voice , everything about her ! Yeah ! I love her ! demi lovato ♥",positive
"My Top 3 Weekly lastfm artists : john legend -LRB- 1 -RRB- , Adele -LRB- 1 -RRB- & Childish Gambino -LRB- 1 -RRB- .",positive
harry potter and half blood prince is the best ever . love it,positive
chazsomerss : justin bieber - Aw yeh ;] .,positive
"saw v , via skyplayer on xbox ... excellent invention !!!",positive
harry potter ! Woohoo ! You are all fabulous at harry potter trivia ! congratulations to winner number 9 AngryBrownGuy .,positive
"Miley Cyrus , I want your hair . demi lovato , I want your voice . Jasmine villages , I want your smile . Taylor Swift , .",positive
in loving the github / google application engine / grails combo - although having to relearn about JPA is a bit of a drag after hibernate,positive
"heheh , his music is annoying . britney spears is so much better than him , that was random . but i love her -LSB- :",positive
"finally got a google wave invite - and i'm slightly underwhelmed . the initial experience is exactly what i expected , and nothing more . hmm .",positive
"Gorbachev's 80th birthday was a huge success ! among the guests were arnold schwarzenegger , Sharon Stone and Kevin Spacey . . Exciting !",positive
thats exactly how i feel ha Everytime I watch harry potter I realize just how much I love harry potter LOL,positive
"thingsimiss the monsterball , I love lady gaga too much",positive
AMAZING presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : . -LRB- / via Matt_Muir via benayers -RRB-,positive
I wonder if kentuckyBADGIRL is related to britney spears ? That'd be pretty cool . = -RSB-,positive
"I favorited a YouTube video -- miley cyrus "" Party in the USA "" Parody - Get Out of My He ... .",positive
I never cared about James Marsden much until I flipped by jimmy fallon's show tonight and saw his impression of John Malkovich .,positive
sensational ! RT robsonsanchez : Amazing ipad Animations . . ipad,positive
"Great Video from google Employees , reply : Internet Safety for Parents . via web20classroom kevcreutz rjacklin",positive
RETWEET If justin bieber is not following you so I can send a deathmatch to him with your twitter names :-RRB- Must be following ItsLovatoBieber HURRY,positive
Like it ! Romance book The Daydreamer - A Werewolf Novel -LSB- taylor swift Playlist -RSB- - The Daydreamer - ... Wattpad .,positive
selena gomez stoptheselenahate :-RRB- because I'm a selenator and I ADORE Justin and miley cyrus : L ! so STOP THE HATE,positive
i love my ipod :d talk to me people : dd comment me / message me : d,positive
"Video : Mike Doughty : Tremendous Brunettes Mike Doughty with dave matthews , This make smile and think about ... .",positive
"listening "" slave "" -LRB- the circus starring : britney spears -RRB- love it .",positive
"new background it's not ready yet , but it shows my love to madonna so im glad ... ill try to do something else but later ...",positive
". jowyang agree - google wave for backchannel / liveblog summary of conferences is good idea , much better than twitter channel pollution .",positive
. google WebmasterTools releases new functionality for External backlinks . Great for additional link building insight,positive
he is in great company of people like jimmy carter . nice,positive
""" living in sin is the new thing . . "" ahahahhahhhhh i love britney spears !!!!! sorry ya'll i had to",positive
"I do , too ! LOVE it . RT clickflickca : How many of you use "" google Street View "" to search an address ? I do . RandomThoughts",positive
"Starstruck , lady gaga , love it",positive
click this link ! and FREE Tickets for justin bieber concert ! .,positive
my new favorite song : 3 by britney spears . love it ! lol .,positive
Watching oprah with Goldie Hawn regarding happiness should be interesting,positive
need a new iphone case . ifrogz one was too flimsy afterall,positive
"beforewehadjustin , justin timberlake was the bomb . And yes , he still should be . That guy is awesome .",positive
I wan na invisibility cloak ! I love harry potter : -RRB-,positive
No Such Thing ! john mayer makes me happy .,positive
got a new notebook today . it's running windows 7 and i kinda like it .,positive
"Hater : justin bieber is GAY . Me : Gorgeous , Awesome , and Yummy ? Heck yes , he is ! You wish you were GAY too . ; -RRB-",positive
"saturday , song of the week :3 - britney spears . she's nice , she signed all those fan mail , and within 2 months :-RRB- what a beautiful singer she is :",positive
i love moments where listening to an ipod makes you feel like you're in a movie . had 1 on the dc metro with regina spektor .,positive
"Thank you President obama for passing healthcare reform ! with out extension to 26 , I'd have no healthcare . heathcarereformbirthday",positive
allkpop i like 3 by britney spears,positive
"good to see britney spears the top of the charts again , she needs a break i think , but i hope she can handle the success this time . .",positive
thirty day challenge - day twenty-three - your opinions on lady gaga i LOVE lady gaga ! she is like the being ... .,positive
"I just took "" -LRB- Season 1 & 2 -RRB- You have courtside tickets to the Lakers Game ... "" and got : Part 2 : justin bieber . ! Try it : .",positive
Liking justin bieber is a key characteristic that 70 % of the girl population look for in a guy . Just a heads up boys : -RRB-,positive
serena williams : Does Serena's Fashion Sense Overshadow Her Talents on the Court : I can't help but think that he ... .,positive
Obots think Jon Stewart is a real newscaster and barack obama is a real president p2 tcot,positive
"I love Seth morgan and his "" Jew Fro "" . I'm Going to marry him after I marry and divorce justin timberlake , T.I. and James Franco .",positive
hula hoop wears you out ! -LRB- i love wii fit -RRB-,positive
"google wave ? it's the new thing . . you have to get an invite , which i don't have any of yet , and it's pretty cool",positive
"I love Everything about her . Her curly hair , her guitar , her amazing songwriting ability , her voice . taylorswift I love you < 3",positive
The Awesomeness of the Best google Custom Logos . vía abduzeedo,positive
"your my hero ! < 3 and like besides britney spears , your the prettiest girl everrrrrrrrrr .",positive
britney spears is 2 on itunes n miley cyrus bitch is 1 i hate her !!!! britney should of still b 1 least she was last week but shell b . .,positive
fuck yeah i love lindsay lohan,positive
loving britney spears - 3 amazing song !,positive
"the psp just played by itself - yes yes , it turned out and played a music by itself . its creepy na here . : s",positive
"I mean , Selena's cool and all , but I think katy perry should win Best Female Singer .",positive
She is interesting ! FuseTV is doing a cool show on britney spears life & music OnFuseNow . RT if you love Britney . - ad,positive
why do you love lady gaga so much ? :D -- theres so many things so ill give you my top 5 reasons ; 1 . the fact she in ... .,positive
WetinConcern taylor swift with your Taylor being Swift,positive
just played nintendo wii :d so funny ... :d jason i love you darling < 33 < 33,positive
. . has been around for over ten years . she is the best inspiration that has ever happened to me . i am in love with britney spears . .,positive
nick jonas + Joe Jonas + Kevin Jonas = 3 = Brothers + good voice = Singers + Fame = Jonas Brothers = The Best Music Group : -RRB-,positive
"playing on the wii fit with my mum , its hilarious : p",positive
but the wii fit is awesome ! oh we should play against each other !!,positive
windows 7 market share climbing fast : this is pretty impressive -- windows 7 hasn't been out for even 2 weeks yet and alr,positive
RT katie_khan : AMAZING presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : . -LRB- / via Matt_Muir ...,positive
del.icio.us : Goollery - A collection of awesome google projects from people around the world : .,positive
Me : justin timberlake Just Called Me ... Friend : And ? Me : And He Told Me To Tell Justin Bieber That He Wants His Sexy Back . ; -RRB-,positive
Set my dads ringtone to love me by justin bieber and it went off in Walmart and everyone was staring at him Hahaha : -RRB-,positive
i love my new movie New Year's Eve it's so cool working with ashton kutcher and the others they all are so kind !!,positive
my good lindsay lohan ! - . -,positive
dear diary by britney spears is amazing . old . but simply amazing : -RRB-,positive
love the new ipod thanks to the hubbz,positive
off to round table to pick up some pizza !! just got wii resort !! i'm blessed !! thank you god !!,positive
just finished crush it . bought egonomics and i'm reading again . god i love my kindle !,positive
britneyspears news ! britney breaks billboard record ! : good for her ! britney spears' latest . .,positive
congratulations to hilary swank ! the actress was honored by the hollywood film festival . what's your favorite swank role ?,positive
thank you corwinhoover for coming through with a google wave invite ! can't wait for google to kick out the mail !,positive
The world is full of interesting things - awesome collection from tomux at google Creative Lab : . via BBHLabs,positive
"I just took "" 15 and Pregnant - A justin bieber Love Story -LCB- ALL ... "" and got : part :-RRB- What Did We Do Last Night ?! Try it : .",positive
i no longer believe i could survive without my ipod ! : s,positive
watch lady gaga 2.0 monster ball tour and watch justin live account its amazing !!! please watch it,positive
windows 7 x64 successfully downloaded ... can't wait to do a clean install .,positive
just nominated britney spears for best celebrity to follow openwebawards,positive
I am a big fan of madonna . Hope you enjoy this song song as much as I do,positive
annesa went shopping and got herself a fabulous coat and ipod touch .,positive
"I was loving the lakers jerseys on "" Oh No You Didn't "" Day",positive
miley cyrus and Nick Jonas perfectcouple,positive
"holy crap - britney spears' new song "" 3 "" is catchy . ear candy . the chorus is one big hook . wow !",positive
i can't believe i'm saying this but i think glee makes me like justin bieber,positive
"its great so far ! then again , i was using a 4 year old phone . my iphone friends seem to like it !",positive
"buying music from itunes for my pod ! i love the new songs tik tok by ke $ ha & 3 by britney spears ! "" _",positive
3 by britney spears is pretty good .,positive
"I just took "" you and justin bieber are best friends ... "" and got : part 4 : losing your virginity to justin < 3 -LRB- ; ! Try it : .",positive
lady gaga YSPEAK IN YOUR OWN WAY . BE MY FRIEND PLEASE !,positive
Extremely random snow day . Win . Thanks charlie sheen !,positive
"i'm totally in love with the song "" 3 "" by britney spears .",positive
wow britney spears is pop and her album was number 1 also . . and ?????,positive
lady gaga love you,positive
thm i really do actually like lindsay lohan movies - please don't hold that against me,positive
"i miss ipod touch , it's gone to a new home now that my phone has taken over",positive
disgaea is much better on psp than on ds . i might even go as far as saying it's better on psp than ps3 .,positive
MrElliotB harry potter ? deathly hallows . just saw the movie an it was awesome !,positive
Breaking news : dembabies are on their way ... congratulations to mom mariah carey and daddy Nick Cannon,positive
i want a psp damn it !,positive
9 -RRB- I love listening to taylor swift's songs when I'm in love because they are so true,positive
A photoshoot can make anyone a model . - snoop dogg,positive
"yeah thts a good song , you guys should totally play 3 by britney spears like 500 times a day ! i < 3 that song !",positive
Ohh I know am late . But I just saw harry potter last friday . Twas awesome !,positive
"nikki Minaj went platinum , is on tour with Wayne and now she's about to go on tour with britney spears this summer . That's super huge",positive
Love the shows oprah comes up with !! Such an inspiration !,positive
Google's interview with lady gaga has pretty awesome intro : . Via nicolehering,positive
"Awesome ! KenTremendous : jimmy fallon is doing the coolest . show in late night , and here's proof : . . "" this is f ** king great",positive
barack obama won nobel peace prize when george bush deserve it so well . dnt u think so .,positive
"awesome acoustic cover of "" 3 "" by britney spears !",positive
micheal jackson was and in my mind is a genius . Love and respect R.I.P micheal jackson -LRB- the true king of pop -RRB- so please don't disrespect MJ,positive
"Tourism up , and it's all thanks to oprah",positive
I'm proud to say miley is my idol ! We ♥ Cyrus,positive
ChiaGarcia yeah but at least when lady gaga comes out with something new its amazing and original not like bep who has to use old classics,positive
"I love how Miley's interviews always beam with warmth , connection , confidence and humility . miley cyrus is such a inspiration for everyone .",positive
"I kinda like this taylor swift song ; that they are playing on the radio . . "" back to december "" i think its called ?",positive
i can't see it ! i don't know if you took it off though . . yeah ipod touch . in love !,positive
My friend told me that she doesn't like Justin Bieber or miley cyrus . Can I stab her with a stick ?! - . -,positive
was hoping they'd give out a free psp at the psp go event like they did we 3000,positive
lindsay lohan love +1 ... ... ...,positive
harry potter was great ... PART 2 NEEDS TO COME now,positive
beautifulsong ! Chris Brown feat . justin bieber - Next 2 You,positive
love google chat ! I get to have little convos with my husband all day !,positive
justin drew bieber is the dream of millions of gals . . He's an inspiration to all . . How awesome is that !,positive
DonnaDaily oh mos definitely . love the ipad .,positive
"charlie sheen Got Everybody saying "" winning "" ... lmao",positive
love cobra starship . 2 days until bday.im turning 12 lol . listening to 3 by britney spears . yo this is a awesome song . ...,positive
looks like i'm getting my xbox fixed today . going to get it modded later on ... or i'll do it myself ... meeehbeeey,positive
"the ocean drowned out the intruders from our wooden bungalow . losing the kindle was the worst thing , really . our id and money , not stolen .",positive
Interesting : mariah carey & husband Nick Cannon Pose Butt-Naked For okay ! Magazine : mariah carey & husband Nick Canno ... .,positive
All I need is a tinfoil hat and john boehner's tear ducts and I'd make a perfect Glenn Beck .,positive
"il give it to her like , madonna does have a decent body !",positive
3 by britney spears lol i love that song lol,positive
first song i listened to on my 15th birthday was' Fifteen' by taylor swift < 3 taylorswift13,positive
"This is so funny "" hi I'm justin bieber u all think your cool hatin on me but my hair costs more than your house "" lol !",positive
i would like to have a google wave invitation !,positive
np bla bla blast ! - hot & cold -LRB- katy perry cover -RRB-,positive
RT adlercoloride lady gaga love you .,positive
going back and forth from late night with jimmy fallon to fever pitch with jimmy fallon . I feel like heathaaa_m,positive
Heading to Opening Night screening for Margin Call . Super excited to see kevin spacey at work !!,positive
"is loving the new punch out for the wii . just like the old snes one , but nicer and just as much fun . : d",positive
stoprightthere if you think nicki minaj is betta den lauryn hill .,positive
yeah lol it looks better on xbox,positive
netflix is the best thing since the actual movie ticket ! good ol xbox . earning its place . lol * rubs *,positive
micheal jackson was loved to death -,positive
"i love harry potter , but i have to agree with anderson . feminism is not a leading theme in the series ...",positive
just did the dishes while I listened to britney's leaked songs from her new album I love all the songs it's such an amazing album : -RRB-,positive
"Two and a Half Men is moving forward without charlie sheen . Ummm , no thanks , not watching it !!!",positive
teman-teman semuaaa . . Check this out ! FREE Tickets for justin bieber concert ! .,positive
"During boring math lessons i write "" I < 3 justin bieber "" on my hand itsabelieberthing",positive
ella eer tuduuh * -- * i love so much britney spears * - *,positive
ehh it's only like a few lines . o_o andrew is better than alex & go britney spears lyrics . love that song,positive
First day using my ipad and BT keyboard as a MacBook professional replacement ... loving it so far . Wish more keyboard shortcuts worked though ...,positive
i agree ! i absolutely love lindsay lohan' s music . . can't say the same about her choices she's made in the public .,positive
Imagine Selena Gomez recognition as love justin bieber enough,positive
david_brody i just got quoted by perezhilton wtf ? i feel like lindsay lohan !,positive
i'm actually liking google wave ... i just wish more people were able to use it right now .,positive
revisiting lindsay lohan' s glory days,positive
love my wii ... and i play guitar hero the most,positive
"a ashlezzle hmm , i was 10 in 1990 . We all thought mc hammer and Vanilla Ice were so cool . We were SO fucking white .",positive
i'm hatin' :] i love britney spears . . don hate : d,positive
awesome night ... spooned while watching harry potter movies lol .,positive
ooomg . google Instant in the latest Chromium builds starts loading webpages before you hit enter . FUCKING AMAZING .,positive
Oh how i love harry potter .,positive
"lady gaga continues chart reign with "" Born This Way "" , spending sixth week at 1 - . via gaganewsdotcom lauralyne",positive
"God , I pray for soulja boy's family . As I am sure they are having sleepless nights . Hold them through this time . Give them strength .",positive
"Met mandy moore a few years ago , extremely nice , really tall -LRB- she had no shoes on -RRB- & well , huge feet , which is no ... .",positive
"lucky , britney spears . pretty song . ♫ ~ eqo5a",positive
I liked a YouTube video -- Ian Carey ft . snoop dogg & Bobby Anthony - Last Night -LRB- office ... .,positive
"victoria secret show 2010 , a to the amazing . Love that "" Game On "" lady gaga remix music section .",positive
hell yeah it is . play it all the time on xbox .,positive
i got ta admit that i loveeeee britney spears,positive
Oh my bieber I love bieber so so much ! I wish I had the chance to meet him Oh well neversaynever right justin I will one day I hope .,positive
"get an xbox :p try operation flashpoint 2 , it's even more amazing . it's just harder",positive
"jimmy fallon's "" The Jersey Shore "" is the funniest thing I've ever seen . I really can't stop laughing right now",positive
"i love britney spears . yes , i said it .",positive
Monica me and my dad watched the new harry potter and mad dad slept during the whole time but me and monica loved it ! : p,positive
Well thank you lady gaga for giving me one of the greatest nights of my life .,positive
"dailyquestion musicmonday my favorite dance music is rihanna's don't stop the music , britney spears' s -LRB- you drive me -RRB- crazy & madonna's music !",positive
I'm going to tell you about love madonna,positive
testing and learning how to use google wave . amazing the power of integration : -RRB-,positive
gagafan1112 I wasn't saying I don't like lady gaga . . I LOVE lady gaga . I just thought it was funny . -LRB- :,positive
"Hey google , thanks for all these great Labs features on Chromium , but how about "" Create Application Shortcut "" ?! .",positive
is listening to micheal jackson album > 3 legends live for ever ! we love you micheal x,positive
"support britney spears 3 , add a twibbon to your avatar now ! -",positive
Jurrasic Park by weird al has to be on of my favorite songs of all time .,positive
am watching peejaybe and his perfect king fu moves on the wii fit plus ! am loving it !,positive
I hope when I die charlie sheen's life flashes before my eyes,positive
BeaMarz Whass Good Mammaz Our lakers Gon na Kill The fucking Sacramento Queens Hahaha !!!,positive
"thanks for the follow ! it's nice to see others using google wave , it's such a neat collaboration tool , what are you using it for ?",positive
is really enjoying google wave this is going to be a huge educational resource . another reason christians need to abandon college system,positive
"i'm not pissed , but they should have given it to bill clinton and george bush sr. seriously -- they've done amazing work .",positive
xbox 360 repair guide . pdf guide with pictures - extremely easy to follow instructions !,positive
"VIDEO : Stephen Colbert's "" Friday "" Is Fun , Fun , Fun , Fun : Stephen Colbert and jimmy fallon concluded a successful ... .",positive
100FactsAboutMe 17 . -RRB- I cried when jt was killed on DEGRASSI . :[ _ ryancooley _ I'm sorry !,positive
what's most important is to let me know when you get a wii guitar hero guitar so you can join our band !,positive
Leslie_ll how could you not love it ! globet of fire is at the bottom of my favorite harry potter films before order of the phoenix,positive
"Villains We Love : Lucius Malfoy - cinematic : I love the harry potter series -LRB- books and movies -RRB- , and I care ab . .",positive
for like your ipod,positive
"once again , congratulations to britney spears for her brand new smash-hit single , "" 3 "" debuting at 1 ! off to sleep , sweet dreams ! xoxo",positive
So pictures of flowers through email are the new way to show thanks :-RRB- ~ loving our 8th graders and their ipad .,positive
"trying to find a good old movie to watch ... watched "" mean girls "" with lindsay lohan yesterday ... was pretty guud ... any propositions ?",positive
i so need to hear britney spears right now ... i am feeling tick because i want to hear it so bad,positive
emonsal gmail.com please who can me a google wave invitation .,positive
im playing business over beef chinko the great & vixion not why but why not ! 911 911 warning business over beef on the way yep yes yeah psp !!!!,positive
checking out google wave ... looks pretty spectacular .,positive
"i want a ps3 , xbox360 , psp , ds now ! but the problem is that i can't get that because i'm poor and have no job : < .",positive
another part of me by micheal jackson is so nice ! love itttttttttttttttttt,positive
consider it done ! im in a good mood ! :-RRB- plus i see that philly ! psp all day !,positive
this video is so cute -- baby dancing to britney spears !,positive
lying on the floor screaming after first google wave experience,positive
"CRY0G3N My name is Boxxy , and you ` se trollin' ! Just use Bing or google translate , you will love it !",positive
spc09 try psr . exe on your windows 7 machine - it is awesome,positive
liking google wave . great tool .,positive
NEWS . REAL . TIME Historic boost to barack obama' is health reforms after key Republican's support : On . .,positive
Just heard the news . congratulations to Mariah Carey and nick cannon on their 2 bundles of joy . A boy AND a girl in one shot . Lucky and blessed !,positive
the awesome movie transformers : revenge of the fallen here this is it google wave this is it,positive
"i'm not really sure why , but tonight just flew by & seemed a lot quieter . . partly because the boys were all engrossed in the wii",positive
setting up internet on psp -LRB- : it better work lol,positive
tlyudacris : I love you oprah ... but this was just funny . REALLY funny . .,positive
"lady gaga Inspired by Bruce Springsteen , definitely leopard : Pop sensation lady gaga recently credited Bruce Springstee ... .",positive
i like britney spears new song about a threesome . . whooo,positive
noel fielding can only marry the following people : russell brand or paloma faith . okay cool . glad that's settled .,positive
nice ! how do you like it so far ? i'm quite the fan of windows 7 . surprising since i love apple so much .,positive
rocking' out to 3 by miss britney spears bay-beeh !!,positive
""" three "" is the new song by britney spears and i love it !",positive
"perfect couples ? me and justin bieber , of course :' -RRB-",positive
"left for dead two game demo . yeah . it , is exclusive for xbox live gold . : -RRB-",positive
I like nicki minaj and the Brat idk why just because the Brat killed the freestyle people act like Nicki is losing,positive
listeningto 3 - britney spears :-RRB- it's amazing : dd,positive
President barack obama should except nobel peace prize with honor . President Obama has communicated with other countries to establish peace,positive
madonna is the best . Her new song Celebration is amazing,positive
for christmas can someone get me a new psp with little big planet please ! playing katamari on a broken screen is irritating now !,positive
just bought britney spears' curious perfume and honestly it smells very good ^ ^ even more because i got it for 2 euros instead of 12 ha ha !,positive
john mayer was worth standing in the rain for 5 hours . But I'm not sure if the Biebs is . Maybe if I get to be the one less lonely girl ; -RRB-,positive
"i chatted , i listened to/got music ; paramore - ignorance and britney spears - 3 . :d both great songs . :-RRB- i got ta go now . ttyl . < 3",positive
i love harry potter marathons,positive
"I hate when people think its weird that I listen to taylor swift , paramore , or anything pop & rock ... am I not a pop & rock type a chick ?",positive
lakers !! hell yeah !! You get more and more awesome everyday !! RT sarliz88 : CANT WAIT FOR BASKETBALL SEASON !!! lakers !!!,positive
"Listening to "" blazing -LRB- feat . Kanye West -RRB- "" by nicki minaj and loving it ! See the video & lyrics : .",positive
Wave An Amazing list of all the google products and how they are used .,positive
"I love britney spears as well , just not as much as I love Christina Aguilera",positive
justin timberlake will be honored at the Kids' Choice Awards for his charitable and environmental efforts .,positive
"alright , got me sky on my xbox now . that'll go nicely in my new' den'",positive
"Although I wish it was , I don't think think jelena is a publicity stunt . I WANT HIM TO GET WITH taylor swift . OMG . WOULD MAKE MY LIFE . : -RRB-",positive
- this is sad because i actually love lindsay lohan ... what happen ????,positive
"lindsay lohan news lindsay lohan is above the law : in july of 2007 , lindsay lohan was charged . .",positive
"all of them are ... marc jacobs , lindsay lohan , kate mossb . but we love' them ! i die !",positive
"BEFORE THE WORLD ENDS I WANT TO KISS justin bieber , NO MATTER IF HE IS DATING SELENA .",positive
xbox packed and ready for dispatch by ups tomorrow . i already miss it :-LRB- -RRB-,positive
britney spears 3 is fabulous ha,positive
i think i shall play the wii for a while . after i watch friends of course,positive
Thank you so much all monster ! You make me spirit to love lady gaga ★ -LRB-^_^-RRB- ★,positive
gosh i love britney spears :-RRB- . idk,positive
God bless souljaboy and his family,positive
rev run & Diggy Simmons : Generation RUN Video : Generation RUN : Hip-hop pioneer rev run and his son Diggy discu ... .,positive
My God fareastmovement OMG video is ridic with snoopdogg . Shout out to RosaAcosta . Next time an invite ha . www.cherrytreerecords.com,positive
the wii for sure and nice new profile picture,positive
You don't like justin bieber ? oh hell no stoprightthere letme take off my earrings hahaha,positive
just finished watching freaky friday lindsay lohan version with the family - good times !!!,positive
all of dan's articles are fantastic ! getting them on my kindle is very convenient as well . thanks for putting them up there .,positive
am in love with windows 7 !! can't stop talking about it ! its like a woman lool ... thinking of grabbing food am so hungry !!!,positive
""" Mr Ensign said he will send an official resignation letter to Vice President joe biden today . "" Joe will try not to snort like Lily Tomlin .",positive
"JessicaBiel , Mila Kunis awaits fallout of sexy trailer with justin timberlake - .",positive
is amazed by the advanced speech recognition capabilities of windows 7 !!,positive
Win Tickets to See britney spears in Concert !!! : While britney spears gets primed to squawk soured her Femme Fatale ... .,positive
Omg !! that song right next 2 u by justin bieber & chris brown is the bomb I love that song !!! : -RRB-,positive
"Q - what is the first reaction if you mention justin bieber ? A - I would smile , and hug him < 3 - Kylie .",positive
faq : buying and installing the right windows 7 upgrade,positive
cause you suck =d lol so you can sit me here next to britney spears lmfao i love this song,positive
"Night , going to bed listening to justin bieber and miley cyrus -LRB- ; , , their the BEST teenager's EVER !!!",positive
couldn't agree more ! madonna is the Queen !,positive
barack obama' is amazingly consistent smile,positive
""" While some Disney artists rely heavily on AutoTune and layers of effects , demi lovato sounds best with stripped-down production "" - Billboard",positive
"My cousins ringtone is HIAM and I laughed when it started playing and she was like "" what ? I love britney spears "" -LRB- :",positive
"SAN FRANCISCO -- tiger woods provided a fitting conclusion Sunday to a perfect week at the Presidents Cup , for . .",positive
katy perry is so awesome . KatyET .,positive
"ificouldiwould marry britney spears real talk < = me too , i love her !",positive
"sarah palin enjoys considerable support among libertarian Republicans , libertarian independents giving her second look",positive
i get excited everytime i get an email thinking its my google wave invite ... then i'm depressed to see its only junk,positive
Painting my nails pink . I feel like that is appropriate for katy perry lol,positive
"just remember , Babyyyy * jt voice",positive
ESPN Soccer Net News Ardiles backs maradona for World Cup glory,positive
When I noticed By no means Say By no means The Film I fell extra in love with justin bieber than I ever had before !,positive
windows 7 is so much better than vista .,positive
mswindows : read how windows 7 makes it easier to join a domain -,positive
nick jonas is just gorgeous in general . He may not have the fittest body or the most perfect face but he's flawless to me and many others .,positive
"Anyway , jimmy fallon then bed . School in the morning , unless it rains and I can't get a ride -LRB- which seems like it might actually happen -RRB-",positive
britney spears wan na go * -- * britneyspears amazing !!!,positive
"saw microsoft natal demo this week - face , voice , and body recognition tech was amazing . what the wii should have been but isn't .",positive
OMG . The interview made me fall in love with gaga more than I already am in love .,positive
i agree !!! super strenuous ... machiam like watching harry potter movie ... SUPER LOOOONG !,positive
listening to britney spears . . i love her !! : -RRB-,positive
got me singing like nana na na everyday like my ipod stuck on replay . just got ta do worked sited & power point . i hate this class !,positive
just installed windows 7 on my macbook professional . at first glance i really like it .,positive
"liking windows 7 so far , installed today on work laptop",positive
"I remade lady gaga's "" Born this way "" instrumental . let me know if i did a good job ! : -RRB-",positive
britney spears mixes are always the best in the morning !,positive
windows 7 is the best marketing campaign that apple has ever come up with .,positive
anaraaaaaaaaaaaaa lol hhehehe remember you can do anything in this world !! love you lots i miss micheal jackson !,positive
"ellen degeneres :' Lady gag blew the lid off my studio' : gag chats with Ellen and performs her new "" Born This with ... .",positive
windows 7 has made fast computer almost unusable : hey everyone . i just recently made the upgrade from windows v . .,positive
I liked a YouTube video -- Rebecca Black - Friday -LRB- charlie sheen OFFICIAL REVIEW REACTION -RRB- .,positive
"what the hell is "" 3 "" by britney spears about ... love the song ... lets look up the lyrics lol",positive
RT Andrew_W19 : iloveitwhen The lakers win .,positive
Take notes by hand -- on the ipad : One promise of the ipad was that it would be great for students . A new note-takin ... .,positive
"I don't care if you love her or hate her , miley cyrus Is Beautiful . I wish I looked like her . -LRB- : < 3",positive
Demand justin bieber in Lisbon at Eventful - .,positive
"i love my kindle , i really do .",positive
pfiuu ... discovered what is inside the psp . now repaired : it works perfectly : - -RRB-,positive
britney spears - three / this is the best song ever !,positive
that little google search bar is so great for reminding me what I last searched : dog portraits notworkrelated,positive
love ... fashion by lady gaga,positive
"photo : i feel like listening to my ipod . . i have that song `` i'm a korean "" stuck in my head . ow , i just got a ...",positive
blackra1n may well be the best thing to happen to the iphone since simplifymusic2 . amazing how much more perfect an object can become .,positive
"i did my first wii fit plus workout today . apparently i'm underweight & 114.5 pounds . does this boost my confidence a little ? yes , indeed !",positive
my day off after a wedding consist of wii zelda and chinese food . i feel like i'm in jr high . this rocks !!,positive
"i ruin dreams not nightmares ... somebody go listen to "" 3 "" by britney spears it's awesome ! ...",positive
i love this song ... 3 by britney spears . ...,positive
"at last ! i already have britney spears' new single "" 3 "" in my pod and i'm listening to it now :-RRB- i like it !",positive
3 by britney spears is an amazing song,positive
"FAME is in stores now . It features Ludacris , justin bieber , Wiz Khalifa , Big Sean , and many more .",positive
"i'm so amazed by google wave , i want it and i want it now . its so seriously where communication should be today",positive
I upload a YouTube video -- serena williams PROMOCIONA UN VIDEOJUEGO .,positive
i bought the cutest iphone case from lucky brand :-RRB- it has a peace sign on it !!,positive
"sarah palin is more popular , but Mike Huckabee is better liked by Fox News viewers - Yahoo ! News .",positive
rabbits go home for wii is getting some really good reviews,positive
actress hilary swank is helping animals . i never follow celebrity news -- except for positive stories about celebs ...,positive
MrGrabeel if you like harry potter you should see harry potter 7 part its awesome movie ever you'll be confused if not reading books,positive
Jennnco yes ! real time tweets while watching harry potter . Lovely !,positive
i love me some britney spears . maybe i'm jist special like that .,positive
"The Mary Kay women here in Idaho are a lot like sarah palin . They have a pioneer spirit t -- t hey hunt , fish , & are very entrepreneurial-minded",positive
i want a google wave invite so bad . people are complaining that there aren't enough people . solution : add more people .,positive
I love lady gaga than my family,positive
breeloveskle I rock with the lakers all day everyday !!!,positive
rocking out on the bus . i love my ipod .,positive
"imagine me : i want you be "" Cedric Diggory "" on harry potter jailbait justin : lol . . you love harry potter right ? me : yes ! lol",positive
20 seconds of watching emas and i want to cry because of the hosting ... going to bed with ipod' is' sad song' playlist . good times .,positive
PUR meaning perverted underground restaurant ? harry potter night will be magical & mythical,positive
i feel yeah !! but don't hate on me because i love britney spears and still like felicity ... damn i just said way too damn much . lol,positive
LittleMonsterx _ hey I've had a lady gaga day listening to all her songs from my pod up full = amazing !,positive
the kindle continues to become more popular -LRB- and less expensive -RRB-,positive
"omg , I want to use justin bieber as jace . < 3",positive
"i really like the new britney spears song "" 3 "" . don't judge .",positive
RT -_- zhifass : Cheryl cole enak banget ciuman sama justin bieber di never say never - ________ -,positive
im in love with demi lovato . . help . .,positive
just watched labor pains with lindsay lohan lol actually really liked it : -RRB-,positive
Will join welverder watch justin bieber's movie . Torture !!! Lol !,positive
google are yall hiring ? Ya'll are really doing new things ! I love it . If you need a lawyer ... imjustsayin,positive
-LSB- Politics -RSB- USA President barack obama has been given Nobel Prize for peace for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomac,positive
"windows 7 still vulnerable to viruses -- durr , really ? : windows 7 is a valuable upgrade delivering an awesome , . .",positive
lawl i love how pc thinks that windows 7 is so revolutionary when mac has been doing the same thing for years,positive
charlie sheen is not crazy . That man know what he doing . hell,positive
"had a dream i was singing justin bieber's baby song , woke up with it stuck in my head , got ready to it . had a good day . truelifestories",positive
new wii zelda game on the horizon . good times !,positive
"after seeing britney for the record , i actually gained some sympathy and respect for britney spears .",positive
WAKE UP john legend & THE ROOTS FEAT . COMMON AND MELANIE FIONA -LRB- 2011-03-29 12:37 -RRB- by SONIC FUN RADIO,positive
reading the user guide for my brand new awesome camera : canon powershot sd90 . can't wait to start taking new photos of 92101 .,positive
google Full Page Preview -- Awesome ! -- SEO und Mobile .,positive
videoworldnews.nl ENRIQUE IGLESIAS - IGLESIAS AND shakira RULE BILLBOARD LATIN MUSIC AWARDS : Enrique Iglesias and shakira were the to ...,positive
"musicmonday 3 - britney spears , seriously my current obsession -LRB- :",positive
would like to get a google wave invite please,positive
22 -RRB- I LOVE justin bieber always and forever,positive
sarah palin is awesome . | yes she is !,positive
"britney spears wants custody of kids - now , damn it ! k-fed & britney spears youtube chili' child support !",positive
surprised with this weeks wii game releases - rock band lego : -RRB-,positive
"It's not the worst duet that's happened . mariah carey and Westlife , Green Day and U2 or Alexandra Burke and Pitbull take that accolade .",positive
"my favorite songs this week : 3 - britney spears , you belong with me - taylor swift , naturally - selena gomez & careful - paramore :d awesome !",positive
I love harry potter so much . Hermoinie is my babe .,positive
"so far , i'm really liking windows 7 . it's quite a jump from experience , but it's really slick , quick , and shiny .",positive
I don't hate miley cyrus - _______ - and i love Hannah Montana .,positive
"Dun get me wrong , I love mandy moore n all but for once , I think she's a good actor -LRB- when the voice is doing all the work -RRB- tangled",positive
- iphone day ! double epic woohoo woohoo ! spint it has been a good run . thanks,positive
Just saw harry potter ... again . WHY IS IT SO FUCKING GOOD AUGHDMKLSKPFN . dobby was even sadder this time ... and ron's acting even more amazing,positive
congratulations to barack obama - Nobel Peace Prize . Wow .,positive
just listening to some britney spears < 3 :-RRB- she is my love ! can't imagine my secret lover going to her concert with me . ha . so ridiculous .,positive
my stepdad loves harry potter now . he wins at life .,positive
ah okay ! :-LRB- i like the psp a lot : -RRB-,positive
jasoniclecht vampire's kiss starring nicolas cage may very well be the best because of stuff like this ...,positive
. i read comics on my phone . i downioaded st 09 countdown . i brought a kindle in september and really like it for novels .,positive
soooo ... the' homegroup' feature in windows 7 is pretty stink' cool !,positive
"finally , windows 7 has been kicked into shape . next challenge , the pod . oh , how interesting my life is at the moment ...",positive
"Lol at people who say ashley tisdale can't sing . Listen to Unlove You and Suddenly , then maybe next time you'll think before you speak . ; -RRB-",positive
Free lady gaga tickets here at . RT ROCKSTAR_BISH = repliesRT ParisiHilton : love lady gaga,positive
"Sarah Palin can win , UNLESS a third party guy like TRUMP runs as an Independent and then obama will win .",positive
"dear iphone case , thank you . i feel there is so much you have done for me , but i have done so little for you . love , phil's iphone .",positive
"IF you NEED THAT lady gaga POP SOUND , THAT JAY Z SOUND , OR SOMETHING THATS FRESH BESTBEATSTORE got you ! .",positive
Iam_Zolanski GASP no no no don say fuck harry potter . i love him lol,positive
Michelle Obama Begs oprah winfrey ! Michelle Obama Wants Oprah to Support Barack ! .,positive
yes i am especially when i sing britney spears,positive
"get an iphone , you will fall in love",positive
"i need to go & cop me a iphone case before i fuck up my phone even more "" /",positive
i love windows 7 its so nice lucid was right,positive
listening'' in the zone' album by britney spears . i love you brit . : -RRB-,positive
"yes , kindle is awesome for travel",positive
just got the kindle application the other day . rereading the lovely bones on it and love it !,positive
"If you have a plan to stole nick jonas from me , I call my ninja -LRB- Joe -RRB- to fight with you !! :D nickjonasdiary",positive
"That awkward moment when random people at your school claim they like justin bieber more than you ... Like no , just no .",positive
hollywood festival to honor hilary swank,positive
"-LRB- counting 1 2 3 peter , paul & marygettin' down with 3p ; omg britney spears new song "" 3 "" is in my head and i cant stop singing it ; love it !",positive
"Watched Get Him to the Greek . Just got ta say ... russell brand is very hot , has a sexy accent , and an amazing ass . That is all . Good night .",positive
happy with my freshly 3.1.2 jailbroken iphone that now has the capability of being a wifi access point .,positive
i just got a google wave invite ! argh ! why does starbucks internet have to be so slow ! this is the best day ever ! ; -RRB-,positive
britney spears always tops the billboard . what does she have ? well i still love her music .,positive
i'm in love with lindsay lohan ...,positive
i believe that soon i will become addicted to my psp ... like bradie is,positive
britney spears love you * - * britneypromote3,positive
alex you brat i want to play wii fit,positive
Can't believe new remake of Arthur with russell brand got ONE STAR in the Guardian . I didn't realize it was that good ... pointlessremakes,positive
"Jesus Christ people , nick jonas cut his hair cause he felt like it . Besides , his hair looks 10x better and he looks so much more ... grown -LRB- ;",positive
i like windows 7 so far but don't see a compelling reason to upgrade existing computers . but it's nice to have on new ones .,positive
This is fucking wonderful . Great presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : .,positive
is excited as hell for the new super mario brothers . wii coming out next sunday :,positive
"President obama is a good man , he cares about his people like he does his kids ... I like that ...",positive
charlie sheen Bails Out Lenny Dykstra | TMZ.com : A friend in need is a friend indeed -- especially when that friend ... .,positive
I'm not American but I fully support the health reform that President barack obama wants to do :,positive
I will never ever turn my back on Demi . demi lovato is the best ever ! I'm a 110 % true fan ! I love you ddlovato forever !,positive
"I really like bill gates , his foundation has done a lot for the world , and it is even doing great things for America",positive
"the wii is just ace . teething problems with the box , give it another go got the cold light of day .",positive
"okay i have 2 admit that "" 3 "" by britney spears - is kinda hot - catchy - after listening 2 it on repeat - it sticks in your head - go britney",positive
setting up my moms new laptop with windows 7 anxious to play with it,positive
"i love harry potter , but i agree with anderson . feminism is not a leading theme ... .",positive
"dear santa , please bring my daughters a wii and my son a kindle . thanks .",positive
"have this is my world dvd - justin bieber , "" free "" by tina magazine . . bieber special",positive
"i love my wii . ssbb is so much fun , animal crossing is even better , but ddr hottest party takes the cake",positive
i fucking love britney spears : -RRB-,positive
I fall in love with taylorswift more and more :'-RRB- you're the best !,positive
"all the best maggie ! you' fighter Maggie Smith continues to film harry potter , fighting breast cancer",positive
The new harry potter is awesome must see lol,positive
"britney spears , i love you ! -LRB- she's following me just fyi -RRB- : d",positive
"Lauryn Hill , Norah Jones , Adele , john legend , Chrisette Michele , Michael bubble , Estelle , Sade . Best playlist ever",positive
demi lovato just an inspiration for me . She helped be during a bad period and now fans must help her to stay strong .,positive
JBieebersCTST . . it would it would lol ... I just seen the new harry potter movie . . Have you seen it yet . . It was amazing lol,positive
"Glad 2 see my lakers got there 1st win , even though its just pre-season i still hate when they loose . why did they give Ron Artest the key 2 Vegas ?",positive
"Bunch song of lady gaga , Like it so Much ! : *",positive
"i love that song :-RRB- 3 "" britney spears "" your beautiful , btw : -RRB-",positive
"cleaning !! home alone dancing to britney spears "" 3 "" love it !! and love my new rapcity application for my phone",positive
"lady gaga Please follow me diva ? , you are amazing lady gaga , i love you ♥ Follow me please * -- * 10",positive
"just found out britney spears new song "" 3 "" is about threesomes . i endorse this song .",positive
"RT LOVE < = > I love mariah carey , but i really wish she would have these babies . . so she can slim down . . weight doesnt really look good on ...",positive
"this new nicolas cage , ever mendes , n xzibit movie is looking like it could be real good "" bad lieutenant """,positive
Amazing List Of Every google Product And How Much We Depend On Them - .,positive
I won 6 achievements in harry potter,positive
justin bieber CANT HAVE SEX UNDER THE COVERS BECAUSE HE'S FUCKING CLAUSAPHOBIC . LOL . However the hell you wan na spell that .,positive
"which horror/thiller book is a good read !? i'm wishing for a kindle 2 , ah too hee hee . i'm a dork .",positive
fantasy by britney spears smells so good,positive
Woods routs Yang to clinch Presidents Cup : tiger woods made it a perfect five wins from five matches as he crush . .,positive
its times like these that i'm grateful i have an ipod and a cellphone .,positive
Whenever i watch a harry potter movie i feel like magic is possible and i love it !! : -RRB-,positive
whoa . google Chrome . I think I may have found my new true love . google,positive
Just seen nick cannon in real life ... That was a surprise,positive
selena gomez vs . Lady gag whose preetier ?? selena gomez right ? :-RRB- what do you guys think ... . becca_t1995,positive
are . i . p my ipod =-LRB- i miss you already . please somehow find a way back to me . life not worth living without my ipod,positive
9th most tweeted VIDEO in Tech | | Amazing ipad Animations ! .,positive
feel like a troll trying to get a google wave invite ... i just really want to try this thing out !,positive
"CantKnockHisHustle :-RRB- RT Nectar_Imperial : SteveJobsLovesYou RT lumidizzle : I want an phone , ipad and a -LRB- continued -RRB- .",positive
"i've let friends know . not sure if it will happen , because i love my kindle , but if you get a unit to play with , please let me know .",positive
"damn noobs , some one on wow was like i haz windows 7 its the best os ever , so i just looked at him like ... yeaaaah what proof have you got ?",positive
"katy perry continues to spread the love , cleavage .",positive
"man i always love harry potter weekend on abc family . See britt_alexander , what your missing out on !",positive
i love britney spears with every fiber of my being : -RRB-,positive
"my brother can't believe i married lindsay lohan lovely :--RRB- so , would you like to ?",positive
hilary swank as amelia earhart is actually pretty great casting .,positive
It calls for Purp n Yellow tune ... . You know what it is ! whatup thegame snoopdogg RealWizKhalifa LakerNation rules,positive
do you have a kindle ? i love mine .,positive
"nick jonas rapping in "" Biggest Fan "" still makes me smile like an idiot . TOO ADORABLE . :'-RRB- justsaying",positive
Just wan na say souljaboy Hope Everything Gets Better For You . . You Are Going Through A lot so ; much love & keep your head up,positive
"is there a song with Ginuwine and mariah carey in it ? because if there was , it would probably sound really good ...",positive
dad came home with new monitor and ipod nano and some clothes ... i love the blue ipod is . should i have one in the older version . puf,positive
3 -RRB- My birthday is the same month as justin bieber's :' -RRB-,positive
I still can't believe how the sexiest and most talented man ever is single . - cough - nick jonas - cough - nickjonas I'm available ; -RRB-,positive
a group of 13 year old wearing kanye shingle glasses were debating who is worse paris or lindsay lohan .,negative
"I just voted "" miley cyrus "" on "" Who Do You Hate More ??? "" Vote now : .",negative
that iphone got ta go like a sap,negative
john mccain AND JOE LIEBERMAN AND GRAHNESTY are all FAKE REPUBLICAN/CONSERVATIVES . They are as PROGRESSIVE LEFT as they can be,negative
CLE News Talk : President obama Facing Criticism Over U.S. Roll In Libya .,negative
I still can't believe that mariah carey and Nick Cannon are married ... it's just weird lol,negative
i got that good good im micheal jackson bad he attracted too me with my attractive ass ...,negative
n britney spears sucking penis i see her following you 2 ... so we got each other now bruuuh ! your approved your kinda funny aaaawww : - -RRB-,negative
"i will always invest in hardcover books , so i never thought it before ... but i think the kindle is pretty damn cool .",negative
"no worries lindsay lohan ... if you're not getting your attention on the big screen , you'll get it in court ! have a drink and relax ...",negative
"no joke , I hate harry potter always have done , i worked in my mates boarding school in an o0ld house . I was half way through writing a",negative
RT BigJamaal lakers Where y' all at ? < ~ ~ i see you with that bullshit !!!,negative
"lots talk about the Expendables sequel . . Sly not directing , and bigger roles for Bruce Willis and arnold schwarzenegger ? Fingers crossed !",negative
UnderNoCircumstances should a man hit a woman ... well unless she hits him first and she is built like serena williams,negative
""" three "" by britney spears won't get out of my brain . * smashes head against wall *",negative
""" Miss & Keri Deny Past Romance Reports "" / "" paris hilton Accused Of Hating Black People "" / "" Suge Knight Brawls In Vegas Over Tupac Death Talk """,negative
they're translating sarah palin' s book to crude representations of totalitarianism with Marmaduke as a protagonist . RESPECT !,negative
BUT alex rodriguez BE THE SHIT LIKE OMG HE my CUTE though LOL,negative
barack obama rallies doctors on healthcare reform ahead of Senate vote Arm twisting -LRB- I will have your leg broke -RRB- HCR,negative
i think Trina's badder than nicki minaj and DEFINITELY badder than little kim . Trina's ACTUALLY really pretty .,negative
"amber rose looks better than kim kardashian over all & AR is ALL 1OO % REAL , kdash is fake with . that body & face /",negative
why the fuck this penis sucking britney spears bitch keep following me ?,negative
I can't believe how much katy perry is trying to be like Lady gag in her new video beoriginal,negative
its fucking harry potter weekend bitches !,negative
Congress wants to cut off funding for US operations in Libya since obama never got approval for the war ! Somn shout aaalllelu-alleluyah !!,negative
"sarah palin needed to go rogue and for her sake and ours , I believe it is a very good thing . What do you think ?",negative
"Rt "" theblunster : I think it's crazy that selena gomez is from Grand Prairie . lol randomfact "" << < That is crazy wth lol !!",negative
"its funny how Bush was criticized for everything he did , but when obama bombs Libya without Congress' approval , nobody says shit . .",negative
100factsaboutme 36 . I hate justin bieber .,negative
"She got that good good , she micheal jackson bad I'm attracted to her with her attractive ass ! > Now your a rapper",negative
"barack obama wins the nobel peace prize ? So supposedly "" peace "" now means "" bombing the shit out of people overseas "" . Who ` da thought ?",negative
obama gets a nobel peace prize and george bush is still and idiot,negative
no problem i be hating that lol i keep seeing britney spears sucking penis loll,negative
"meganphelps is not a nice person , all she does is go against people beliefs . saying god hates lady gaga is horrible . he hates you megan , YOU .",negative
"If john boehner cared about the "" debt crisis "" he wouldn't be spending money defending DOMA",negative
A picture of khloe kardashian just came about the screen and I practically damn near fell off my bed damn she is too fucking ugly,negative
"Dear google : I hate you . Get a life and stay out of mine . Sincerely , Me .",negative
obama under pressure on Libyan strategy - ABC Online .,negative
"So NOW Ghadaffi can stay , until tomorrow when he must go again . obama is nothing but a rank amateur obama",negative
I can't believe I just used perez hilton lingo .' they are gon na smash it ... it's gon na drop tomorrow ...' CRINGE,negative
"kidnap checklist : black gloves , duct tape , black hood , water , cup cakes , sarah palin mask , video camera lol we're nearby ! Lol",negative
renaissance _ Apple Survey - All Apple products Stink ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
then ill end up like lindsay lohan lol,negative
"Stephen colbert and jimmy fallon , singing rebecca black ? I don't know what part of that makes me want to kill someone the most .",negative
hey thetechgame this is why i hate playing shooters on xbox you have to ads to much -LRB- thetechgame.com live' -RRB-,negative
"congratulations to all for a great con gmn11 . Grants Managers are "" Winning the Future "" - to quote President Obama -LRB- not charlie sheen -RRB- . gmnsomed",negative
say rude things about the amazon kindle,negative
donald trump running for president is about as foolish ... & why the fuck do they want OBAMA to show his birth certificate . . shit is crazy,negative
- i hate that iphone corrects with to a .,negative
google takes so fucking long to load . = = gon na sleep now .,negative
i'm getting more followers but theyre all those stupid britney spears sucking ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . twitters : l fail .,negative
You suck Justin Bieber you and your girlfriend selena gomez both suck you big baby,negative
If little Kum didn't die nicki minaj might not have a career . CarlosIRS05_09,negative
"sorry guys , don't like miley cyrus . . she dress like a prostitute . . and all i see on Tumblr is : miley miley miley",negative
"lakers They got lucky tonight ,",negative
OmfgitsKari Fuck the lakers ha ha RT AO760 : lakers << denzel sniffs crack from your crack,negative
Why is obama's foreign policy backing the same people as Al Qaida in Libya ? . via AddToAny,negative
"sarah palin was once elected Governor of Alaska ! Which is like winning the Nobel Prize in Mattering , right ?",negative
getting rid of my justin bieber posters on Saturday don't want some of them .,negative
net zo bad als micheal jackson' s bad .,negative
"I love Lewis Black , love Wolf Blitzer , still love Obama , HATE sarah palin .",negative
Via palin_deceives on Palingates . great photo comparison ! See sarah palin' s badly faked pregnancy !,negative
"someone must hellaaaaaaaa hate britney spears with all those fake twitter accounts ! very known on twitter ... for that , smh stooopid !",negative
seriously the xbox fucking sucks !!! mine is just a fancy dvd player lol,negative
"I mean if someone as grotesque & hideous as lady gaga can do it , you'll be fine .",negative
"i am going freaking nuts ... i hate watching kids play mario kart on the wii , i want to scream and pull out my hair !!",negative
voodoobone Apple Survey - What is your opinion of Apple Products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
"Levi Johnson , father of sarah palin' s grandson will pose nude in Playgirl . This guy is a real piece of work .",negative
"Unfortunately , this headline is misleading . I did not & do not support obama's Libya policy . During yesterday's ... .",negative
"Me : I'd smash nicki minaj Issac : but her bodies fake Me : I don't care if she's a robot , she's still hot",negative
going out to lunch with my mom . but at least once again i have music ! the sony has way better sound than an ipod !,negative
lindsay lohan is a disaster where can i find her and her exposed fanny ?,negative
Hate it when I hear that the lakers suck . Back to back championships now imagine if they were good .,negative
"made a yummy spagettie bolenaise for dinna and now im watching labor pains , it has lindsay lohan in it , its kinda funny = -RSB-",negative
"It's raining like crazy in DC today , tornadoes , flash flood warnings ... someone up there just doesn't like john boehner -LRB- lol -RRB-",negative
"obama Agency Review Looks To Snip The Red Tape : By all accounts , the government doesn't operate very efficiently with ... .",negative
kesovega Apple Survey - All Apple products Stink ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
"Watching Love and Hip Hop and am stunned to hear about alicia keys ... no respect . Apparently , she has forgotten about KARMA .",negative
"george bush didnt deserve one . and clinton had some other issues . . obama is the 4th pres . to win one . so i say , good for him",negative
how bad was lindsay lohan' s ungaro collection ?,negative
"Wednesday marks birth of controversial obama : As of Wednesday , President obama's health care overhaul is one ... .",negative
The best way to Maasai Mara game reserves is through obama's father Home city of Kisumu .,negative
"don't waste your time ... its still the iphone for now , , , the only thing that will kill the iphone is the death of jobs ... .",negative
lindsay lohan is a mess ... why do magazines even write about her anymore ? she needs to get it together . ugh . lol,negative
"`` FrameMaker has detected a serious error and must quit . "" So how long has sarah palin been writing code for Adobe ?",negative
RT PAFdavid : ha lakers are lame ! -- > shuuuut uppppp sucka ! your lame : - P,negative
WHY THE FUCK are we letting people like sarah palin and DONALD TRUMP try to run our country ? Like really ... wow smh ashamed to live in U.S.,negative
"; obama told by Military you're no longer Commander-in-Chief , also convicted to be impeached .",negative
Sarah Palin is the ambassador of Foxnews . She will meet Gaddafi today to explain to him how the 60 Days can help him to destroy obama,negative
"33 . I'm tired of hearing about charlie sheen , I act crazy all the time . Where's my money ?!",negative
lindsay lohan looks really terrible these days .,negative
"R Kelly and katy perry should've joined forces on their "" fireworks "" songs . Honestly it's so lame - not worth booking 2 rec studios for ...",negative
i hate harry potter and wish he would just die already !,negative
Sorry ... but I do NOT want to listen to Katy Perry and shakira while I eat my sushi .,negative
deepdowninside i would like to have the power to make disappear all the movies in which nicolas cage plays a role .,negative
How UGLY remote controller ... Just amazing how they really think UI ... Quick Tour - google television .,negative
ha What's all the fuss about Obama and his Nobel prize ? Of course it's a well-deserved win . He saved the world from sarah palin,negative
Most of them sound like harry potter spells too me : P,negative
out of all the harry potter the only one i didnt mess with was goblet of fire . because i read that book and it sucks because it was sooo off,negative
Donald Trump found a level of crazy weird enough to knock sarah palin off the news cycle . - I'm President Obama's worst nightmare ! Really ?,negative
xbox marketplace download speed fail,negative
the ultimate iphone waste of time,negative
lindsay lohan as the dust continues to settle around the disaster that was lindsay lohan' s debut collection for . .,negative
"dude , i totally want a b & n nook . hate the look of kindle and the sony reader is crap . finally an reader that looks worth the $",negative
britney spears accused of child abuse,negative
RT connerysteph : RT PHXSuns6thMan : RT ZoDogg34 : RT bwilliams210 : RT connerysteph : RT if you are lakers,negative
right here !!!!!!!!!! RT BigJamaal lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
President obama is looking gaunt ! Am not sure if it is because of d south American tour ! I doubt it ! The pressure of being president ! He has aged,negative
mira ! love_beyonce lindsay lohan tries to get a piece of the true blood ? lindsay quiere estar en true blood ? * -- * ojala sisisi,negative
Sarah Shahi Assails paris hilton's Driving on Twitter : Sarah Shahi was tweetin' mad over paris hilton's ba ... .,negative
"babe , its just the way of the world ! i don't think they can sing that well but neither can britney spears .",negative
watching the' Triumph of the Nerds' video for hst250 seriously makes me think that bill gates is THE nerdiest nerd ever to exist .,negative
That awkward moment when you date your little brother o_O omgsoawkward -LRB- via selena gomez -RRB-,negative
"Kris Jenner Slams khloe kardashian for Gaining Weight : Religion and the royals ! The Archbishop of Canterbury , wh ... .",negative
britney spears is a disgusting waste of space and a skid-mark on the underwear of music .,negative
"Got ta say , I found him intriguing at first , but now that charlie sheen is blatantly exploiting his own madness , I'm done with him .",negative
lol sheesh lol RT KiaaMoniquee : i see them laker HATERS are back ! -- > inibbleonclits Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics,negative
please lord have someone avail 2 speak with my mama about this stupid iphone because she is driving me !!!!!!!!!,negative
RT iSnatchedYoWig : `` YouhaveNoTeeth : Fuck Kobe And The lakers . < -- InspirationalTweet,negative
i really hate oprah . i really do,negative
is an indian version of lindsay lohan . in the worse way . suck it samronson,negative
I wish my black ass would thought up writing those damn harry potter books . that chick mega rich of that bullshit .,negative
best harry potter moment ever was when that nosy fleabag journalist got caught in that jar < - no argument,negative
that's nasty lol it's suppose to be britney spears lmao,negative
"i can honestly say i never liked britney spears , even before all the drama . is there even a point to this song ?",negative
"Ima micheal jackson bad . and he attracted to me , with my Attractive ass :-RRB- ...",negative
twitter question : whose made more bad movies ... nicolas cage or jennifer aniston ?,negative
to damn britney spears ... ... ... ... ... ... ... haueoeuhoaeuhaeouhehaiuehaoieaae,negative
"yay ! now with the new "" report spam option "" , britney spears can suck it ! figuratively !  o /",negative
- I'm not a fan of lady gaga's music/image but I like what she stands for .,negative
gross lindsay lohan ; even nastier looking than joan rivers,negative
britney spears new song is about a threesom . but its 2 guys one girl ? i believe that's called a gangbang . dirty britney - eww,negative
"RT givaispaid 211yeaDAnameROB fuck them lakers ... hahahaha - dam giva like that ! I thought it was fakers , you sounding like ANT-TOE-KNEE-O",negative
"... because here yall go with this ruleofrelationships stuff . . that's like some britney spears shit , man ! smh ! lol",negative
"barack obama Getmo is open , troops in Iraq , China no Climate change , Iran more nucs , No Olympics . no cap & tax , no Gov . HC , losing Afgan tcot",negative
i hate harry potter weekend,negative
ugh lindsay lohan is such a crack head,negative
"How is there no "" Don't sync iPhone-only apps "" option for ipad ? iTunes insistence on syncing all of my phone apps is FUCKING INFURIATING !",negative
""" I wish they had something called anti-social media . Now that I would join "" . Fake steve jobs",negative
google show your support for how bad it really is,negative
DJHOMICIDE1 Haa me & the lakers arrogance have a love/hate relationship . Hows the album coming out homay,negative
seriously what the hell did lindsay lohan do to her lips ? she look like a freaking duck !,negative
"madonna Wins Damages Over Wedding Photos : In celebrity legal news , Mad . .",negative
"AND NOW FUCKING google WANTS MY PHONE NUMBER ! YOU WOn't GET IT ,",negative
i wish britney spears sucking a . . would stop trying to follow me . i don't want that foolishness on my page n i blocked like 20 of them already,negative
Talk about being a hypocrite . . 3 years ago john mccain offered military aid to Ghaddafy-Last week he offered Rebels Aid . . .,negative
just realized the kindle may have been a terrible purchase for someone with poor impulse control . can haz books right now .,negative
shit ... another bitch with britney spears sucking penis picture ... stop fallowin me ... i want real people to fallow me,negative
okay first he hates demi lovato then taylor swift and now he thinks they should commit suicide ?? that michael crook need to STFU !,negative
"bloody hell , my xbox 360 suddenly got a e74 error . fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuu",negative
Bill Ayers calls Senator john mccain a WAR CRIMINAL : Senator john mccain was a prison of war for about 5 ... .,negative
guess basketball season is back smh i said i wasnt gon na watch this year due to fixed bullshit last year . . I DON NOT FUCK WITH THE lakers !!! FACT,negative
Girl : You're ugly . Me : okay . Girl : You're a slut . Me : Cool . Girl : You suck . Me : Thanks . Girl : demi lovato can die . Me : ARE YOU READY TO DIE ?!,negative
"My google mobile voice search sucks . I said Sebastian Pinera , and it google "" how to canada "" am like , huh ?",negative
;-RRB- i personally was longing for that option as i don't like britney spears or any other explicitly cocksucking lady ...,negative
YAY !! madonna 1 on the World Chart and 1 on the European Hot 100 Chart !! Go on with your bad self ! ; -RRB-,negative
"Bus bombing is awful . But violence inevitble with US doing nothing 2 end conflict & lobby-driven policy . obama , wake up . .",negative
"reply : britney spears on JimmyKimmelLive , Girl can't even lip sync good live . It's kind of sad . I wouldn't pay a dime to see her "" perform "" .",negative
"Wonder if Common gets put in a headlock by serena williams when she busts him masturbating and asks "" Why you wasting sperm bitch ? """,negative
this shit is hilarious britney spears - womanizer - parody,negative
i hate riding the metro sans ipod .,negative
"When your best friend still thinks your lesbian crush is Kat Von D . GET WITH THE TIMES BITCH , IT'S miley cyrus .",negative
im really pissed off . my stupid ipod lost everything on it and i try and since it back on itunes and it will not read it . wtf im so mad .,negative
"I think I have to follow khloe kardashian on Mondays so the bitch don't flood my timeline with "" khlomar "" propaganda . Shiiiizah .",negative
"traditional ? more like "" normal "" . an e-book is not a book . a kindle is not a book . you need pages . you need heft .",negative
"itbetheones like britney spears who be spammin my shit ! no , i don wan na watch yo fuck video !! ... block block block",negative
Damn sorry I'm going in on Mariahcarey but it just felt so right . Maybe it's just cause I hate nick cannon . lol,negative
wrongbehavior asked : khloe kardashian met britney last night !!! It was like her dream ! and britney looked so ... .,negative
Closing Oprah's Closet Doors : The oprah winfrey Show won't be the only Oprah enterprise vanishing at the end of May : ... .,negative
This is not okay . We idolize a crack head . charlie sheen loses .,negative
my befriend just quoted soulja boy . fail !,negative
someone just started following me . and their picture is a fake britney spears sex tape of britney blowing some guy .,negative
3 by britney spears is still suck i my head,negative
I know this bitch Nigga charlie sheen ain't from Ohio !!!! Smfh just when Ohio could get worse this Nigga here,negative
Ugh ! A girl in my form just made what I like to call and' ashton kutcher face' if you're wondering . . Its stupid . I hate his face . .,negative
YES WE CAN ! -LRB- find more money for war -RRB- . Now THAT'S Change you can ... throw in the trash . obama disappointing,negative
Hi my name is justin bieber and my hair costs more than your house .,negative
"scottygkfan So Deron Williams says "" hate "" about the lakers . Where is the fallout and uproar over that ?",negative
"So the new justin bieber movie is rated a 12 . That's gon na be embarrassing , not getting into your own film .",negative
"nobody said shit when the al gore election votes got all fucked up , and no other president had 2 worry about something stupid after they",negative
"for venezuelans , obama deserves the peace prize more than jimmy carter , who screwed us by validating the 2004 recall results w/o a recount .",negative
Guy who fucked me off looks like russell brand . As if I needed any other reason to dislike this guy . He's a relentless fool in his own right,negative
me too RT : AlyaMCR I HATE translating things from English to Arabic and google translate sucks > : -LRB-,negative
I still can't believe mc hammer made a video dissing Jay Z and was chasing him in the woods ! LMAO,negative
"so i'll beat my meat like i'm a fucking butcher , and i'll punk the pussy like i'm ashton kutcher !",negative
Russell Brand and katy perry suit each other . They're both weird .,negative
ha when they said justin timberlake i thought they were gon na say Justin Bieber . OMG i have serious problems lol,negative
"I totally love demi lovato and I really , really love her music , but sometimes I like Taylor Swift's lyrics more . RT if you want a duet !",negative
a static lullaby - toxic -LRB- britney spears -RRB-,negative
"You Take SUPER BAD REVENGES , Mean ... Not The taylor swift Kinda Revenge , more like , Revenge as in Killing",negative
wethetweeple believe that george bush is a idiot,negative
"Oh and Chris NEVER tweeted "" charlie sheen gets away with everything they need to cut me some slack "" ... Get your story straight . THANK YOU !",negative
lindsay lohan slams jewel theft accusations : indian express troubled star lindsay lohan has rubbished reports o . .,negative
the xbox controller is definitely worse . i hate that controller .,negative
"' Hard Times Of RJ Berger' Stars Rave About Weezer , paris hilton ... :' Jersey Shore' star Vinny also stops by for ... .",negative
rip lou albano . gone but not forgotten . like lindsay lohan' s tits .,negative
And FYI - anderson cooper I don't love you anymore since you allowed that fool air his nonsense on your show last night . your gay lover can have you !,negative
She doesn't have a clue ! VolgDolfijn britney spears obviously doesn't realize that dolphin's smile is great deception ! .,negative
Photo : lovelyasadove : I don't like lady gaga at all ! She is a true devilworshiper ! I just don't like her ! I'm ... .,negative
love how some people bum off john mayer & free falling' because of harry . . lol lame people .,negative
". probably the most insightful , eloquent , and intelligent interview i've ever seen . russell brand an intellectual ? damn",negative
so you dissed britney spears but you are watching ashlee simpson . you fail as a human being .,negative
RIGHT HEREEEE !!!! * waka flock voice * RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
"i agree about arafat . i mean , shit , they even gave one to jimmy carter ha . it should be called "" the worst president "" prize .",negative
BreakingNews : On a visit to Northern Ireland hillary clinton is overheard saying that without the violence it's just a shitty little place .,negative
Hate those fuckers RT SkyArticless : RT JewleeB : lakers,negative
harry potter wasn't great .,negative
Time for Saleh To Go ? : Nowhere has the obama administration been more reluctant to embrace the revolutions sweep ... .,negative
RT Dniizy2fresh : Fuck the lakers * signs off Twitter * -- De'Nier Pooh you know I love you right ? Don't tweet that shit again !,negative
damn cold sores . i don't remember having my face buried in lindsay lohan' s crotch .,negative
All i know is my niggas better be on their shit on friday because I'm coming at chicks' necks as if they was sarah palin ... Keep them glasses on,negative
its madonna against the world and only taylor swift can stop her,negative
I've never thought kim kardashian was attractive * shrugs *,negative
Does CBS really think Couric is problem & not their corrupt bias . Is anderson cooper gunna resurrect ? How about John Stossel ?,negative
i downloaded the og ff on my wii . good god i cant believe how annoying that music is !,negative
"britney spears new song is about a threesome , but its 2 guys one girl ? i believe that's called a gangbang . dirty britney !",negative
That stupid fucking beat is stuck in my head snoop dogg ft rosin boom the nut beat though I think that's why it's stuck in my head,negative
"Fuck you ChiaGarcia lady gaga deserves to win because she's amazing , she has done so well ! She deserves all those awards .",negative
I think you should all just assume you have cervical cancer and let us use the $ for tax cuts for charlie sheen .,negative
"no sarah palin masks , shockingly",negative
Soundsickness : selena gomez Laughs Off Calling Justin Bieber Her' Little Brother' . .,negative
"random tiger woods is one bad mothashutchomouth . He is the one kat walking this earth that can say to someone "" I'm better than you . """,negative
lindsay lohan + cocaine = fail,negative
"john legend did a cover of "" Rolling in the deep "" this shit is so awkward . Adele owns that song . Not impressed . Damn John .",negative
IPayMyTaxesBecause with my luck I wouldn't wind up in a country-club type prison like martha stewart or Bernie Madoff .,negative
i hate the windows 7 adverts .,negative
"PSA : obama Cant Change The Whole World In 4 Years , Bush Destroyed The World For 8 Years , But Yall Mad At obama , Foh .",negative
britney spears ft . little wayne - bad girl,negative
""" To be clear , the real sarah palin can NOT , repeat , NOT see Russia from her house . "" CNNFactCheck",negative
Rihanna defends Britney's vocals : Rihanna has responded to the critics who say britney spears ruined the remix oh ... .,negative
Here's where the Cinefest parties are : Paris Hilton and kim kardashian aren't there for the obscure art films . I ... .,negative
rumored britney spears demo sounds 3-ish and radar-ish . . i don like it but i think its fake anyways :,negative
"James Cameron and arnold schwarzenegger reunite , but for what purpose ? Let the crazy speculation begin ! .",negative
jimmy fallon isn't funny and never will be,negative
"CoryBooker pulled out the big guns , USSOC hillary clinton , to end the feud with Conan O'Brien ! We don't take no mess here !",negative
i can honestly say i think lindsay lohan is fucking crazy . but she is a riot to follow ... that's for sure .,negative
raid install : i have just installed windows 7 64 bit . i have 2xseagate barracuda 7200 . ii 500gb hard drives . mob . .,negative
Wong Jing's Jet Li movie -LRB- plus Jackie Chan spoof -RRB- High Risk references Chuck Norris' Invasion U.S.A. and arnold schwarzenegger's Raw Deal .,negative
Sister madonna Buder made the time cut on the swim ironman . She's 79 yo & on the bike-she's finished 36 roman events .,negative
britney spears is like two big scoops of vanilla ice cream . 50 cent can pour chocolate on her .,negative
"what a week we bombed the moon , marge simpson was on the cover of playboy and barack obama won the nobel peace prize ... NICE !",negative
"oh mary lucia , i love you for playing britney spears .",negative
damn obama can you attempt to lower gas prices ?,negative
"peace prize for obama ? he'd better live up to this laureate . seems to me more like a "" thank you "" award that he is not george bush .",negative
if pasting steve jobs' head on Tinker Bell's body is offensive then I don't want to be inoffensive :,negative
"Had beardyman' s debut album since yesterday evening , and it is sicker than charlie sheen on a whitewater rafting trip !",negative
Rebecca thinks khloe kardashian isn't a real kardashian . She thinks Bruce is her dad because she doesn't look like the other two . .,negative
noble peace prize !?!?!?! are you fucking kidding me !? i'm not george bush and i haven't done anything . can i get one ?,negative
"Me , upon seeing a black guy in a white poloneck on the side of the road : "" Looks like micheal jackson' s penis ! "" well it made me laugh . too soon ?",negative
hilary swank looks like a man,negative
i love that movie ! watching the parent trap ... dead ass lindsay lohan' s best role . . i thought she was gon na be the shit,negative
"Donald Trump is a richer , uglier and much more boisterous version of the VERY IGNORANT sarah palin . Bravo TeamUSA . Bravo .",negative
hillary clinton Says She Won't Run for President Again . It is kind of terrible that there is a shelf-life for ...,negative
princesssgrace lol . i can rock with the wii it's trash < -- yes it is .,negative
"very annoying that iphone corrects "" says "" to "" sex . "" everytime i fail to catch , i send a goofy message . sometimes worse than goofy .",negative
omfg why are they doing britney spears ?? theyre so annoying lmao ! : p,negative
* sings like lady gaga * Fuck yeah . * dresses like lady gaga *,negative
"it's official : george bush was such an arsehole , you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him pass",negative
picture agency pushing pictures of nick prugo shot last night while he was out on the town . he's the idiot who broke into lindsay lohan' s home . wtf ?,negative
""" britney spears got her 23rd baby right now "" from the movie click ... cant help but laugh ... hahahahhaha",negative
"omg you suck , uh , f nicolas cage , marry jdepp , and kill clooney lmfao i am horrible",negative
shakira couldn't even afford real mud to writhe around in when Wherever Whenever came out . Poor little egg .,negative
i predict that lindsay lohan will be dead before she's 30 years old .,negative
"obama says "" A good education equals a good job "" . With all do respect , I beg to differ Mr. President .",negative
"textsthatgetnoreply lindsay lohan' s a fake l esbian and is a cry baby . -LRB- at least , they wouldn't get one from me if i had a cell phone . -RRB-",negative
"sony help to upgrade tz series to windows 7 seems very limited and with risk . "" buy your own , do it yourself , don't call us if it goes wrong """,negative
d0ntiroCC nigga fuck the bandwagon ass lakers ... FUCK KOBE . .,negative
So its okay 4 George Bush to do what evah he wants & asking questions is unpatriotic-but obama is supposed 2 state every move in advance-libya,negative
"I don't like katy perry much , but I like the song she's done with Kanye .",negative
shout to my new followers ... guarantee you enjoy this shit ... even britney spears be headnoddin on penis following lol,negative
harry potter is on then next is the nightmare before christmas fuckyeah,negative
This insane new video of taylor swift is just too sexy . .,negative
Just scribbled 27 sides of pure bullshit in a two and a half hour exam . My right arm looks like one of madonna' is .,negative
"I can't believe Miley said "" Curse you taylor swift and your bonus track "" on Hannah Montana . That's just REALLY mean ...",negative
That bitch ass fake nicki minaj page is making nicki minaj look bad . . on the real because it wasnt even NICKIMINAJ who said it to LilKim,negative
lindsay lohan use to look fucking hot circa mean girls now she's just a fucking mess imjustsayin,negative
lol . britney spears new song is about a threesome . but its 2 guys one girl ? i believe thats called a gangbang . dirty britney,negative
lmao ! what a freak man . no one wants to watch britney spears suck penis . xd,negative
rt : linuxgal jimmy carter is no longer the country's worst president ! tcot,negative
john boehner needs not look like he is going to cry at any minute then maybe I could respect him a bit more that and if he would do his job,negative
fucking xbox broke only 10 days after i got it fixed damn microsoft to hell rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr,negative
GlobeGaryDzen I guess they're acceptable . I just hate when teams are setting up on offense and lady gaga is playing .,negative
BYE BOY !!! Lebron and the heat taking it this year BuZZeDaPromoter : NIEKA_GREATAZ lakers why you mad because we are the Champs hahahahaahaaa,negative
"i'm not digging this alien shit katy perry's got going on . i get her new single's called ET , but shit . Calm yo titz",negative
i hate my ipod look at my last tweet before the argh one that's for you,negative
lol i just made a lindsay lohan voice . funny shiiizz,negative
I really do not think I look like khloe kardashian ... the hair yeah but besides that ...,negative
"StatusLive Lol I never had love for the lakers yo . My nigga C10music is a die hard Laker fan , and a even more die hard Kobe fan . . SMH .",negative
psp go basically dead already in australia - the inquisitr,negative
was lindsay lohan' s ungaro collection really as bad as everyone said - by josh partner - slate magazine,negative
lost everyone phone damn iphone updates ! please text me first n last names to 7076957463,negative
me too !!! oh how i hate britney spears porn bots .,negative
"President Obama IS NOT a liberal . barack obama may be a liberal , but POTUS Is not ... .",negative
"Worst case scenario : Taliban and Al-Qaeda retake Afghanistan , overthrow Pakistan , and sarah palin is elected President . What -- Me Worry ?",negative
"so obama got a nobel peace prize for doing what exactly ... ? jimmy carter got one too , and he was like the worst president . so ... ?",negative
just finished her gay ass four page paper on paris hilton and lindsay lohan .,negative
"britney spears : ITS BRITNEY , BITCH The princess of pop is back - Entertainment Weekly .",negative
"The Liars get away with the Lying . Barry Bonds , Scooter Libby , Karl Rove , martha stewart never convicted of their real crimes , only Madoff .",negative
... and no I'm not talking about justin bieber or Lady ha,negative
"Paris Hilton supposedly said black guys are "" gross "" and she'd "" never touch one . "" I guess we know what started the feud with kim kardashian .",negative
"I just took "" SEASON 1 justin bieber is your Moms BestFr ... "" and got : Part 13 : If I'm a Slut , then Your a Whore ! Try it : .",negative
jakeiscool3 buuuut i don't love harry potter . i'm not hiding it .,negative
RT Shawty __ Reddpresent ! RT Static_SpaZ right here RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
""" barack obama has now fired more cruise missiles than all other Nobel Peace Prize winners combined . "" via Robert Mayer on facebook & alfonsclaver",negative
"google , I hate you . You make it quite hard to hear the conversation .",negative
"There's only one thing all these wars and tragedies havein common : anderson cooper . He's always there first ! Katrina , before the copters !",negative
even cartoons with nicolas cage in them have crappy dialog .,negative
"If you pass San Luis Obispo , you may find the madonna Inn nicely tasteless , or there's a Cactus Museum on the edge of Vegas : p",negative
Are people seriously gon na waste money on the justin bieber movie = /,negative
sarah palin' s book is 1 on Amazon's best seller list a month before it's release . The power of bad ink .,negative
"don't you love it when you get that "" you have a new follower "" pop-up ? then you realize it's that britney spears sucking a penis ... assholes",negative
guess i wasnt special but its straight just like george bush said fuck yall niggas im out here ! ...,negative
hell no celtics lol RT MakeupByCelina : RT inibbleonclits Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics < Go shoot your self for that tweet . . lakers Baby !,negative
RachelMTwat Apple Survey - Are Apple products any good ? ipad sucks ? mac .,negative
and madonna wishes she had my man pieces,negative
Video : serena williams gets x-rated for new tennis game ad ! .,negative
"yeaa i got followers whose picture is a fake britney spears doing something very dirty & like 1day ill have 3 of them , then 1 & now i got2",negative
"john boehner , humiliation is what you feel when you fail yourself & shame is what you feel when you fail the people that trusted you . TCOT",negative
"im about 2 snap ; like wtf , why does britney spears sucking a penis keeps following me ; like grrrr its like 5 = /",negative
"Why are Harry Reid , john boehner and Obama acting like the government is Winning when it clearly is not .",negative
"georgia rule is on television , lindsay lohan is such a slut !! and this just in . . cookie dough poptarts are reallllly good",negative
I'm not sure how serious an artist a person is when all they want is to' be famous' and they can't wait for the next kim kardashian episode .,negative
RT inibbleonclits : Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics,negative
obama's meaning of change . War in Africa instead of the middle east .,negative
"madonna is an idiot , there is nothing good about her . End of .",negative
oh how i hate britney spears porn bots . -LRB- via itsyurim -RRB- -- same here,negative
obama has achieved even less than jimmy carter at this stage in his presidency . . even though i can't remember what jimmy did,negative
kim kardashian vs Jen Hudson vs Salma Hayek ... have you voted for Bitch Stole My Look yet ?! .,negative
"I Guess paris hilton Hates Non-Rich Black Guys ? : Remember that author , Neil Strauss , who last week released an e ... .",negative
i feel bad for lindsay lohan . so much talent down the toilet .,negative
"obama , you watching EU deal with debt crisis ? Doubt they will b much use with Libya despite radiating confidence of Sarkozy . All hat & no cattle",negative
"Btw , lakers . lakerhaterandproudofit .",negative
"and furthermost , steve jobs can suck it , "" I'm here today because a teenager died in a car wreck and I took his liver ...",negative
"obama caught flat-footed on Egyptian uprising , claim critics .",negative
The Belmont Club has sobering words about Libya . One highlighted issue : Is barack obama UNDER THE SAYA .,negative
BeforeWeHadJustin we had the Jackson 5 who begat justin timberlake who begat Aaron Carter who begat Jesse McCartney . Pop music . Good Grief,negative
fuckouttahere 2 All the Women with colorful wigs and whoeva make them dumb ass faces when they take pictures like nicki minaj,negative
fail psp application doesn't work .,negative
If you're that fragile I'd prefer you do RT mrgambinii : Is no longer following LiLiAN_C33 : RT PlayWitMyMonkey : FUCK The lakers YeahISaidIt,negative
breasts tits knockers hilary swank nude pictures . emmy-winning celeb shows off her huge boobs . impressive rack !,negative
"rt : thecoffeedesk : suck my balls apple , windows 7 is killing and our stocks are up !",negative
60 . I think barack obama's the best thing that's happened to America and who ever thinks differently is a fucking tool,negative
"FUCK lady gaga ! Fuck that bitch ugh fuck she pisses me off , idk why but she doesn't deserve a record deal fuckingskanks",negative
my 1st experience connecting windows 7 to a wireless network . doesnt work . is it time to switch everyone over to mac ? yes,negative
"damn you , xbox live !!!",negative
"Said obama , "" Circle , circle , dot ... dammit , why won't you just tell me ? okay , fine , invade Libya , now tell me -- and no crosses count ! """,negative
"JustLikeJesus - Except if sarah palin was following me , I'd turn around and tell her to eat shit .",negative
Madonna and alex rodriguez Sex Tape Scandal : Who was involved in the hottest celebrity sex tape scandals ? celebrity ... .,negative
RT lilDickTracy : Fuck harry potter ... . Fuck myers park ... . WeTheBoyz,negative
omg lindsay lohan looks a mess on the cover of star . poor girl . she needs to get it together !,negative
""" TojuFoyeh : ashton kutcher to replace Charlie Sheen ? They are better off cancelling the show and preserving the shows status ! "" LOL",negative
Look at it this way . At least it didn't go to steve jobs . fucking steve jobs .,negative
"iamsotiredof seeing women wanting to be like nicki minaj . . smdh I'm like . . damn sister , wtf ? Is your self image not good enough for you ?",negative
i wish i could be famous . . and bitch about my angst ridden love like lindsay lohan . . what a hot mess . . and i used to be jealous of her,negative
john boehner is an immoral clown not fit to serve in Congress and not smart enough to speak in public .,negative
"RT : tastemypussy lakers fans getting defensive tonight . Enjoy your ring ceremony on the 26th , prbly the last 1 until 2030 . << < hater lol",negative
"I would just like to point out that usher calls himself a winner in "" more "" . Take that charlie sheen , you copycatter",negative
lindsay lohan news lindsay lohan looks like 10 miles of bad road -LRB- via a socialites ... : posted . .,negative
nicki minaj is my celebrity crush ! wowsh ! Oritse x,negative
okay ... i suck at most things on wii fit plus except golf -LRB- which i have never played in the real world -RRB- - go figure . i suspect it feels pity,negative
"AvrilLavigne's 26 . . older than katy perry , but she looks so young and hip !",negative
"obama `` ineffectual , invisible , the weakest president in history "" . Evil President Limp penis tcot evil teaparty",negative
"A naughty person , a wicked man ... He winketh with his eyes , then sarah palin does it in a debate . conservativebible tcot p2",negative
i see them laker HATERS are back ! -- > inibbleonclits Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics,negative
Those privileged fucks got ta learn that we ain't taking' no shit like ellen degeneres clitoris is playing' with penis .,negative
cnet uk rates iphone worst phone in the world :,negative
"halloween im dressing up as a circus lady . similar to what britney spears is wearing in her video clip , cirus' im sure no1 though of tht1 : d",negative
Moms said if feels like mariah carey has been pregnant for like 2 years ! Lol yo what's really good with those twins ?,negative
"Dear modern media of america , Please stop using katy perry's firework song on every fucking commercial , movie , and television show ad possible .",negative
okay lah I admit lah I want meet justin bieber just to he look like ellen degeneres not . Heheh who knows he handsome in person eh eh .,negative
Althouse : Am I really as interesting as sarah palin' s womb ?,negative
sarah palin : a fascist woman who thrives off disinformation and belittling intellectuals .,negative
This Bing/IE9 sneak peak is pretty awesome . I have to hand it to Bing - they're kicking google's ass in innovation . .,negative
long live the disaster that is lindsay lohan .,negative
I don't believe that anything could make S&M a worse song than it already was -LRB- even britney spears -RRB- so I am voting yay on the Rihmix .,negative
thought i would be a good daughter and setup my parents' new pc . i am a great daughter for spending my vaca day with windows 7 . i'm going mac,negative
or a red costume while pretending to be britney spears ? it looks rather gross ... especially with those beer-bellys : d,negative
* eyeroll * the backstreet boys poster is over the one of britney spears naked . obi-wan was complaining about it ...,negative
oops ! Mitt Romney accidentally embraces key provision of obama's Health Care Law . . p2 tcot teaparty,negative
Pres . barack obama is dropping in the approval polls faster than Ive ever seen -LRB- I check daily -RRB- He is definitely a 1 term President p2 tcot,negative
i just fucking met ashton kutcher . demi was nearby . train and mc hammer provided the soundtrack .,negative
I hate the lakers . But I looooove me some am . Barnes ! Out this piece .,negative
no ! Wishful thinking though ! loL RT nunique87 The lakers not making it to the 2011 Championship thatwouldbeawesome,negative
SHe got That good good SHe micheal jackson bad and im attraccted to heR with Her ATtRAcTivE Asssz,negative
Actually killing myself laughing at the justin bieber / slipknot mash up . I actually think its pretty good !,negative
Its like saying who's bill gates ? Does he make gates ?? Lol,negative
noobus Turns out snoop dogg is actually pretty funny .,negative
"I grew up as a Democrat . Thank God ! , I learned what was real . Don't think I am completely biased . There are some good dem , but not obama .",negative
". Andie MacDowell thong Jul 2 , 1985 ... ashley tisdale and her boy friend Jared sex tape wi",negative
"So Swizz Beats has a song called "" Dance Like a White Girl "" . And he's fucking alicia keys . Stuff like this is why I don't pray .",negative
he looks scarily like hilary swank in boy's don't cry ! : - s,negative
nicolas cage is not responsible for his financial irresponsibility : when it comes to taking the blame for his reply . .,negative
Should the US Justice Dept prosecute al gore for his part in the global warming swindle ? .,negative
Wow watching new south park and they is disrespecting the shit out of micheal jackson lmao,negative
obama Never Played Follow the Leader . tcot teaparty p2,negative
She got that good good she micheal jackson bad I'm attracted to her with her attracted ass,negative
I really wished Peru had knocked off Argentina today . . I would love to see maradona get fired .,negative
charlie sheen Legally Banned From Seeing Children Until He Undergoes Psychiatric Evaluation .,negative
"at least one good use for google wave , might be worth a try at your next meeting or webinar ...",negative
thanks amazon . my kindle died . no hassle return and i can tweet from this new one .,negative
"Thinking about micheal jackson , n I realize Katt Williams got ta change up his whole shit , damn no more little boy booty holes",negative
Tee got that good good she micheal jackson bad He attracted to her with her attractive ass -- > so you can make that bedrock : -RRB-,negative
"' justin bieber is a little shit , His mother needs to teach him manners , and whats what .' - My mum just said this .",negative
micheal jackson went to hell,negative
""" lindsay lohan looking haggard in paris - awful plastic surgery ... : awful plastic surgery , trout pout , ugly b . .",negative
Trying again culturemap : Why you can not give up on Astros : Hunter Pence is still more fun to cheer than alex rodriguez .,negative
I hope Scaramento Beat the fucking lakers !,negative
There's also the theory that the real steve jobs is actually the turtleneck he wears . The body is a decoy . runita,negative
AldrinAstronaut fuck the lakers and your hoodie ! jk just the lakers loving the hoodie .,negative
It would be lost on her . Dear sarah palin : Watch Shepard Smith if you want to see what going rogue really looks like .,negative
"paris hilton Almost Runs Over Sarah Shahi , New Twitter Feud Starts : Sarah Shahi hates paris hilton and is not afraid to sa ... LifeStyle",negative
she means that our face like lindsay lohan : ha what is she mean by judge us as a mean girl ?,negative
"maybe barack obama is guilty of identity theft for all i know , he hasn't even proven who he is . the media gave him a free pass tcot",negative
TeamLaylaa sorry . i hate lady gaga so much that she infests my brain sometimes .,negative
"little Wayne , paris hilton swap prison stories : little Wayne , left , did time for a gun arrest and paris hilton was loc ... .",negative
definitely droid . i have an iphone and i can't wait to get rid of it for an android phone !,negative
"So what will be obama's next shady deal ? Maybe it's to Nationalize your 401k's , IRA's , or anything he thinks should be redistributed !",negative
Whats going on with charlie sheen ?! charlie sheen thinks the deck is stacked against him in his holy war with ... .,negative
you like britney spears ? i'm ashamed !!!,negative
"I'm a delinquent tweeter ! Its been a few weeks now , but with obama's war , I must get back to Tweeting !",negative
""" Pensioners "" as a negative term started when a North Korean beurocrat said that hillary clinton was acting like a "" pensioner . """,negative
The failure of barack obama,negative
That awkward moment taylor swift keeps trying to follow you on Twitter .,negative
"i asked my 9 year old cousin who inspires her . she answered "" britney spears inspires me to be not be like her . "" she will do great things : -RRB-",negative
the top 5 stars in need of help ... asap : lindsay lohan tops list of stars in danger of self-imploding .,negative
"I believe in you like , a virgin ; you're madonna , and i'm always gon na want to blow your mind .",negative
"watched harry potter . scared the fuck out me . damn you , snakes . LOL",negative
Pre-season lakers game at Thomas and Mack tonight . Is it too early for me to start my beat LA chants ? lakers,negative
"john and edward did thee most shitest performance ever . britney spears , out of tune and sync both dancing and singing , funny though",negative
i miss the early days of twitter's innocence when nobody hacked my account or cared if i wanted to see britney spears suck ...,negative
But we need to do something about this Global Warming -LRB- TM -RRB- before I freeze to death . Quick ! Give more money to that corrupt PoS al gore !,negative
"Poor Reggie Bush . I remember his tweet when he broke up with kim kardashian : "" It's been fun Kim , you're sisters are insane . """,negative
"I just took "" Topstar justin bieber rapes you . But , you found you ... "" and got : Part 2 - Justin , Ryan and Chaz . ! Try it : .",negative
i hate my wii,negative
Just saw a rom-com where Natalie Portman sticks her fingers up ashton kutcher's ass . I'm left wondering : why didn't I like this movie more ?,negative
Lonely Island has replaced weird al as my favorite satirical musical artist of all time .,negative
"friday sucked for lindsay lohan . thinking she will barricade herself in room , drink her ugly face off .",negative
"i am confused . did obama win the nobel peace prize for simply not being george bush ? < -- -LRB- yes , that is correct -RRB-",negative
watching some britney spears special . boring,negative
Messy katy perry confuses Brand : Singer katy perry infuriates husband Russell Brand because she's so messy . .,negative
lindsay lohan fashion show - clothes are sexy lilo is not ! video disappointment of dud actor fashion,negative
"Whenever I read about madonna and Jesus Luz , I like to pretend that she's actually dating Jesus Christ like some sort of Family Guy story : D",negative
teamsoteria george bush and penis cheney have done more damage to our country for the past 8 years tcot 912 glennbeck,negative
Sad news : barack H . Obama Elementary School to close its doors .,negative
ashleeee99 harry potter sucks . So do these sam adams . I like the pbr better,negative
"micheal jackson isn't even new , It was meant to go on the History album but didnt because it was rubbish : -RRB-",negative
lakers ARE FUCKING HOT . .,negative
report : windows 7 security feature is useless,negative
RT tastemypussy Who's watching the sorry lakers play 2nite ? < -- FUCK the lakers !!! If you not a Heat Fan ... StabYourSelf in the face TWICE,negative
does anyone else get the britney spears porn followers . they are so barking up the wrong tree ! they definitely need to fire their crm person !,negative
I can't believe katy perry went from Travie McCoy to Russell brand . Is she fucking mental ?,negative
FUCK The lakers YeahISaidIt,negative
I really dislike nicki minaj ! Fuck how you feel about it,negative
"lindsay lohan and her sloppy dyke tits go shopping of the day : recent fashion designer , marijuana piece of garbage . .",negative
"watching the video for "" Music "" by madonna . I wouldn't fuck her with a stolen penis < who would steal a penis ? Lmao",negative
Zune Comedy Science Better Than The paris hilton Sex Video .,negative
President barack obama wins a Nobel Peace Prize . Seriously . What the hell did he ever do to bring peace ? They have truly jumped the shark !!!,negative
britney spears is HORRIBLE !!!!! Why do people like this trash !!,negative
-LRB- You just don FUCK with Weird Al-MS -RRB- The weird al yankovic gag Parody Dispute . via tbithewire,negative
"Is it just me , or does john boehner sound like a newsman ? Sounds like he belongs on CBS Nightly News .",negative
"aww well keep yeah head up , and be glad you aren't lindsay lohan !",negative
"rt this is too funny : "" i get to go to lots of overseas places , like canada . "" britney spears lol",negative
She was all like' GlitterGaga i love you lady gaga' oh damn i can't stop laughing my assss off !!,negative
"if i have to hear about new moon one more time , i'm going to club someone to death with harry potter , a far superior series of books .",negative
did all the toothpaste factories blow up making the air fresh everywhere ? for sure britney spears .,negative
i was obsessed with britney spears when i was young :p her new music is awful so i stopped liking her .,negative
"I think selena gomez is pretty , but I don't like her . . I think she's a cutie - justin bieber about selena gomez 22 , 2010",negative
ahhh britney spears crossroads is on !!! kill me now !,negative
geramed Apple Survey - What do you think of Apple products ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
"PWAHAHA bug-eyed man screaming "" HOMOSEXUALITY IS NOT okay ! I DOn't CARE WHAT oprah winfrey SAY ! "" on a chair . derrenbrown",negative
fuck off britney spears cock sucker !!!!!! stop following me 20 times !,negative
"this bitch just farted next to me . . didn't warm me , just stayed playing on his iphone !!! muthafuck . fart robot approves .",negative
"MotherJones : Libya : obama Crafts the Anti-Bush Doctrine . Multilateral , humanitarian ends : the un-cowboy approach JoeNBC",negative
"i hope hilary swank' s career mysteriously disappears after her movie "" amelia "" so lame ...",negative
the name sounds a little more familiar now but damn he's been passed around more than madonna,negative
i do believe britney spears 3 is one of the worst songs ever .,negative
"ha epic ! RT "" Fake_PMLee : I bet obama is as embarrassed about SethRogen , as I am about StevenLim . """,negative
i sang around 1848392 britney spears songs at a karaoke last night . people loved me . even though i sing like shit . -LRB- i have no voice now -RRB-,negative
i mean i am not a prude but i'm not interested in britney spears fucking and i block those people . they spoil twitter .,negative
This is why we could never be :-LRB- RT CPMusicGroup Fuck the lakers for winning tonight . . Yes all season lakers,negative
I HATE lady gaga no offense lady gaga fans : S,negative
the chuck norris jokes are old ... replacing chuck norris with charlie sheen isn't funny either,negative
nicolas cage is in financial trouble ? i smell even more shitty movies !,negative
aye man britney spears is the shit !!! don play with me . . i break out all the high school posters !!! lolz,negative
"I wonder if people like Wiz , taylor swift , and Bieber will be popular in 5 years ... -LRB- i hope not -RRB-",negative
q . why did jimmy carter vote for barack obama ? a . because jimmy didn't want to be the worst president in history .,negative
""" FreddyAmazin : That scary moment when your girlfriend has taylor swift lyrics as her status "" hahaha",negative
sarah palin is an Idiot and BHO is brilliant . It's brilliance that got us in trouble and Common Sense is all needed to get us out tcot,negative
"sarah palin wondered who this Al guy was who was getting so much publicity on Middle-east issues . No one tell her who Mr. Jazeera is , okay ?",negative
"sup , porn bots ? cool fake britney spears porn , brother . no way i could tell all 3 + of you are bots if i didn't have this cylon detector .",negative
xGotMileyVirus yeah ... ... . okay now i hate lady gaga LOL,negative
"Levi Johnston , dad to sarah palin' s grandson , to pose in' Playgirl' . Glenn Beck vows to cancel his subscription . by markmorford",negative
"some guy on my twitter followers is britney spears sucking a cock , what she does for fans . i can suck it better then britney",negative
""" Latin Girl "" "" Rich Girl "" "" Favorite Girl "" "" One Less Lonely Girl "" Yeah haters , justin bieber's DEFINITELY gay !",negative
- selena gomez is a famewhore ! she doesn't even write her own songs ! skank ! >:-LRB- selenators are pathetic from anonymous,negative
"jt letter : "" Worst of all , the reporting has put the focus entirely on the Fukushima nuclear plant . "" Patent nonsense . .",negative
that's as bad as when rachel mocked britney spears for going nuts and being white trash,negative
i'm curious as to why anybody would follow a spambot with britney spears sucking off some unknown dude . i mean seriously .,negative
i suck at wii bowling,negative
"I do hate charlie sheen , everybody hates him , he's not funny at all .",negative
britney spears debuts no . 1 on the billboard hot 100 with her worst song ever . ugh .,negative
GET HYPE AS FUCK TO justin bieber AND R . KELLY . BUFF NIGGA SHIT . fucktyler,negative
WHAT IF obama WAS A PORN STAR ?,negative
okay like i < 3 britney spears and its really badass the new single is 1 before it comes out ... but her initials are bullshit ... how unsettling .,negative
fuck google . ask me !,negative
Could anyone tell me ... WHY THE FUCK MY google ISn't REGISTERING MY PASSWORD ?!,negative
ill order a bitch with a kim kardashian ass trina attitude and monica face is that on the menu ?,negative
"She's hated on a lot on sites like ocean , perez hilton and this other sites . They don't know Jo , so they can't judge her .",negative
This is bad real bad micheal jackson,negative
Jens once challenged lance armstrong to see who had more testicles . Jens won by 5 JensVoigtFacts,negative
something else . i mean he could be pissed off because i said shit about micheal jackson or anything . it might not be about you,negative
definitely . was excited to watch fat camp & dumb mtv put britney spears on,negative
"lindsay lohan is stealing again celebrity news , celebrity gossip ...",negative
""" WHO the fuck are you looking for , Stefani is gaga and gaga is Stefani ! "" - lady gaga",negative
"HamzaAbdullah21 and its not that serious brother , I got just about as many followers as you ! Lol , lakers AllDay GOSUNS",negative
""" So I am important ? How I feel when I'm drunk is true ? "" "" Yes . But the dave matthews Band does not rock . """,negative
"quote "" kanye west hates some lady gaga's pants o_O "" - Kurt Cobain",negative
i really hate britney spears new song .,negative
damn it all . is this hilary swank' s crappy film time or her oscar film time ? icantremember amelia,negative
"yo just got that "" britney spears sucking a cock "" follower . . heard that shit spam so about to block it",negative
im watching britney spears : for the record . . so far . its terrible,negative
this britney spears video is like horse porn !,negative
"The longer the obama administration wears on , the more i like bill clinton",negative
WrathLover I disagree that lady gaga is a lady : P,negative
Can someone explain to me how the hell barack obama won a Nobel Peace Prize ? And for what exactly ? Maybe i'll win one next year then ... . .,negative
People who go to see charlie sheen and are disappointed and upset ... your dumb enough to go attend his lame show so its your own fault !,negative
Giving the president a wedgie : President barack obama is like the new kid at the interna . .,negative
MsYellow_Light lakers suck lol,negative
perez hilton is a fag .,negative
"Libya questions swirl as Obama comes home : By Alan Silverleib , CNN Washington -LRB- CNN -RRB- -- President barack obama is ... .",negative
""" npdang : sheilachiamaka but ashton kutcher is not fine now ... yes i said it for no reason :p "" :| : ? : s nasocrasedeystart",negative
peace prize committee gave a huge slap in the face to george bush and his policies . why are none of the pundits mentioning his name ?,negative
"sleep at a time like this ? during the fucking harry potter marathon on abc family ? NO WAY , JOSE .",negative
estrella archs doesn't do a bad job designing without lindsay lohan - new york magazine,negative
"Dudley Moore as Arthur is on . I wonder how russell brand will do with his version . The former did not interest me much , I wonder ...",negative
im really sick of this britney spears cock sucker following me !! its annoying as !,negative
i keep having to block a certain britney spears one . im sick of seeing that . i blocked it again tonight but it just keeps coming .,negative
windows 7 : slightly less crappy than vista,negative
* charms a pole to show up * another one my lord : freakshow by britney spears * dances on the pole * let's give them a ; -RRB- freak show,negative
on CMO . com : Compelling piece on why john mccain & WSJ should not decide Internet's future . .,negative
britney spears is a singer -LRB- and not a very good one -RRB-,negative
"marillapilla hehe , that would be fun , though google translate sucks for japanese . gets the grammar all wrong ! i tried for my friends birthday : /",negative
harry potter is one pale muhfucka,negative
"lol looks like meghan mccain is becoming the lindsay lohan of politics , or is that paris hilton . . attention whore ?",negative
LOL ! In youtube are so mandy don't hate demi lovato vieos . . i'm asking me why cause just a few people are hating her like every star : D,negative
hah hah ... even better : now george bush is gone !,negative
Donald Trump sounds like a complete jacka $ $ on anderson cooper . This mofo bet NOT run for office !!!,negative
I wonder how irritated actual organizations that try to stop child sex slavery are by those idiotic ads by Demi Moore and ashton kutcher ?,negative
did all the toothpaste factories blow up all over the globe making the air fresh ? problem . britney spears talking ! omfg,negative
obama has brought us into a 3rd war with a Mulem nation ! THAT was a HUGE mistake !,negative
"Here's our schedule ... 1 -RRB- watch Bonnie Hunt today , 2 -RRB- buy a 2nd copy to bury that dumb bitch sarah palin -LRB- via officialkathyg -RRB-",negative
LMAO i know !! i dnt like harry potter he's so English !! hehehe its raining here too SMDH,negative
nicki minaj just like basketball wives . . wouldn't be shit w/o the people she fucking ! fact,negative
"www.nobama.com blog ginny on obamacare makes me sick : when stupid jimmy carter was "" president . .",negative
Lol if you don't know how to cook you better get you a fucking martha stewart book,negative
"Wow that stupid song lady gaga ha "" alehandro "" sounds exactly like ace of base . . don't turn around . . lady gaga sucks",negative
Is Lindsey Graham looking more and more like a RINO ? What do you think ? Sen john mccain in AZ looks like one too ! Could they be family ?,negative
"rt "" george bush was such an asshole , you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him ! "" lol rotflmao :--RRB- :-d :-d :-d xd",negative
"Top Senate Democrats came to President barack obama's defense on the Libya bombing campaign Wednesday , insisting ... .",negative
"did you upgrade to windows 7 ? i cant get a fresh install installed , stupid drivers errors",negative
You see how good were looking than right ? RT Cisco_G6 Hollywood_Zulu I'm just upset because I was watching the lakers game =-LRB- I hate them .,negative
"So sad that Rebecca Black's "" Friday "" has surpassed lady gaga on youtube views :-LRB- that is crazy .",negative
Khloe and Lamar premieres tomorrow ! Is it me ? khloe kardashian is NOT very attractive . her RING is though lol,negative
oslo's message to world - george bush was such an a __ hole you can win nobel peace prize just by not being him,negative
"i blame soulja boy & LiLB for the vocal abuse of the word swagg , people done took that shit & ran with it ... swaggdeeznuts",negative
obama fans flames of animosity in Tehran : Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei portrayed obama as ignorant and con .,negative
"3 - britney spears on repeat . vaair catchy tune . it's about a threesome . britney spears , you are a shameless hussy . -LSB- ;",negative
"engleesh tweeter is like dead chicken no use after 10 momentoes , english fuck tweeter down so quick , like pervert on a paris hilton jardin",negative
Check this video out -- Did President obama get locked out of the White House ? . via youtube,negative
"can i dress up as lindsay lohan for halloween ? how cool would that be ? a 26 inch weave , black leather jacket , black leggings & a fake cigarette .",negative
"The fanatic Zionist and inciter against Muslims during 2008 campaign , john mccain , went to Libya to support "" freedom "" .",negative
RT YungSavage803 : RT YouhaveNoTeeth : Fuck Kobe And The lakers . < Best tweet ever !,negative
At kid's talent show instead of seeing weird al talk about his book . Sitting in Satan section though I doubt I will need to shout it .,negative
google wave - gwt is probably a wrong technology choice -,negative
"lindsay lohan sucks at fashion , employment : bad business decisions are made all the time , but honestly , signing . .",negative
3 by britney spears is freaking dumb . it does not deserve to be 1st . its about a threesome and ecstasy its duumbb,negative
djjoflow gon na do my workkkk and then go watch the habs ... GO HABS GO ! lakers SUCK ! ; -RRB-,negative
"poor lindsay lohan . those drugs , her family f-ed her up ! i sue to love her she is a mess now . smdh -LRB- reading the mag in the check out aile *",negative
Now reading : britney spears reportedly desperate for third marriage . via CTVWebEditors Brit . marry me instead of crappy .,negative
50thingsihate justin bieber and selena gomez dating,negative
"EVERYBODY HATES selena gomez , AND GUESS WHY SO MUCH HATE , NOBODY WANTS A FAME WHORE !!",negative
np little B - ellen degeneres ... and i don even like this nigga my brother and sister cooking up lol,negative
john john mccain is in libya . slams the prez 4 not spending enough $ . what the hell is your problem pal ? are you running for prez too ?,negative
gag is 10x hotter ! madonna has disgusting man muscles and is coming near to her pension years ! gag is dominating the world !,negative
madonna : What the hell is a disco stick ?!,negative
"watching freaky friday . i remember wanting to pound the freckles off lindsay lohan' s ass . now , not so much . dumb coke whore .",negative
"Dear haters , when justin timberlake and Usher fight over you , gim me a call . Sincerely , nobody asked if you liked Justin Bieber .",negative
sarah palin or joker for halloween ? either way the clothing will be lessened,negative
Lost Your Love Of google ? Maybe Its Time To Throw The google Switch ! .,negative
tastemypussy I like you ! You hate the lakers as much as I do ! goboston !,negative
lindsay lohan daddy is a ass hole,negative
"Party like a rockstar is no longer acceptable . You party like charlie sheen , or you don't party at all yeah digg",negative
"fucking madonna "" What the hells a disco stick ? "" ... aww funny lol",negative
... lindsay lohan ... really ? you can do better than her . and you're gay ! tf ?,negative
"This Big Time Rush and snoop dogg song "" Boyfriend "" is a agitating ! Like stfu , we don't gaf ! Stupid bastards ! No one wants to be with you !",negative
"ahem . . "" nicolas cage gets freaky in' bad lieutenant' "" o_o now what the hell",negative
I fucks with harry potter,negative
nicolas cage drowning in debt - bodog beat,negative
"izašao je you "" videoteci "" novi harry potter i public enemy : -RRB-",negative
charlie sheen is a god damn idiot and im tired of hearing about him . yourshowsucked notwinning losing,negative
i cant cope with all these fucking stupid windows 7 ads before videos on youtube - im not going to buy your shit os !!,negative
Fuck harry potter ... . Fuck myers park ... . WeTheBoyz,negative
"I just took "" "" Rape isn't good ... mostly if it's done by justin bieber "" WARNING : Very Expli ... "" and got : Part Six ! Try it : .",negative
"john mccain Is Getting Soft -LSB- War -RSB- -LRB- Gawker.com -RRB- : War monster john mccain , fresh off of his triumphant jaunt t ... .",negative
"Typing nigg on my phone results in the spelling suggestion' niggardly' steve jobs , you racist bastard . : D",negative
... and BY THE WAY ... don't forget ... Loser john mccain has Panamanian Cooties . He wasn't injured in' Nam ; he was disfigured by leeches .,negative
obama gets heat for not taking Congress into confidence over operations in Libya . - can we turn the heat on Zardari ?,negative
i do n oh t wan na see britney spears sucking a penis . . ughh twitter get this spam shit under control . . thank you ! goodnight,negative
"lady gaga , you are not respect the country law . Bad move to ask youth in Malaysia to protest for your own benefit",negative
So jesus hates my ipad eh . Ugh ... Where am I ? What's happening to me ? Reality seems somehow unreal . My Lord . Frontierville is NOT REAL ?,negative
"i swear britney spears piss somebody in twitterland , smooth off . at least 1ce a week , her and her good friend penis try to follow me on here",negative
hahahaah lindsay lohan is going crazy as shit at her girlfriend on twitter its soooo lol !!,negative
Tryna get a wawa not a lady gaga .,negative
"i hate george bush . there , i just qualified for a nobel peace prize ! woohoo ! morons . tcot",negative
When see john boehner's face on television I want to smack the shit out of it . But since I can barely afford the television I have I will refrain . Maddow,negative
ha yeh barack obama ? never thought of him like that but yeh i see where you're coming from !,negative
"lmfaoo !!! "" are you a whore ? "" < -- that is what you get asked when you like britney spears and ashley tisdale , guys . just a warning .",negative
iCupcakeQuotes Apple Survey - What do you think of Apple products ? ipad sucks ? mac .,negative
shit lindsay lohan looks like donatella versace,negative
"hell yeah , that was my shit too !! lindsay lohan' s first movie ... -LRB- and her best too -RRB- ... po thang !",negative
she looks awful did lindsay lohan borrow - and not return - more expensive items ? gossipcop examines :,negative
obama and Osama are both in favor of war in Lybia LMAO obama,negative
seriously i don want fucking britney spears porno twitter following me,negative
comeonson stop with the britney spears sucking penis spam profiles ... can they at least pick another celeb sucking penis lol,negative
"lindsay lohan , about her life' over my dead body'",negative
HaanaSnow no . google translate would fuck it up . XDD,negative
"  "" Losing   "" a Goddess : charlie sheen Gets Dumped via Text Message : Breaking up is hard to do . Unless you have ... .",negative
"selena gomez Announces Summer Tour Dates : Prepare to kiss selena gomez goodbye , Justin Bieber . At lea ... . hollywood",negative
ooc : * gags * no offense . . but i hate britney spears . . so i would rather gargle battery acid then do a music video to that . .,negative
nicolas cage sure doesnt like to pay taxes . earlier this year it was revealed that the star owed the government $ 6.26 million in back taxes .,negative
soooooo apparently there is no supporting act at katy perry .,negative
sarah palin got a degree in journalism . She's dumb as fuck . Depends wt your studying abd wt college . Good Job anyway . your rare,negative
harry potter made me wan na rip my hair out . fuck cliffhangers : -LRB-,negative
Fuckkkk this lakers game I hate traffic !,negative
"oh wow yeah , where the fuck is my invite to google wave ? what the fuck are they playing at ? this is a fucking outrage !",negative
RT BigJamaal lakers Where y' all at ? -- > * hears crickets *,negative
"Question : obama , Hillary , and McCain were all in a boat . The boat sank . Who was once saved ? Answer : America",negative
"Watching john mayer's "" Storytellers "" . Answering some questions i've had since I was 16 .",negative
LizLovesSVU i'm going back and forth between mean girls and harry potter . bitches and dementors !,negative
"' Tea party' protests budget compromise , and john boehner denies budging .",negative
"nick cannon Regrets His Naked Decor : At one point , nick cannon thought ... : At one point , nick cannon thought it ... .",negative
please keep lindsay lohan out of fashion :,negative
It's funny how these blogs like tomorrow and perez hilton never report good stuff on black artists but as soon as it's negative they all on it ...,negative
"incidentally nicolas cage , i would blame your manager for your financial ruin , i'd blame your bad acting and horrible choice of movies .",negative
"jimmy fallon is not funny . Once in a while funny things may happen on his show , but as a person he is useless . almostasbadasdanecook",negative
"lmao , i love when they make fun of micheal jackson on south park . XD",negative
is only just realizing how dirty britney spears' song 3 is . interesting ...,negative
"He said "" She got that GOOD GOOD ` , She micheal jackson BAD ` , & & I ` m attracted to her , With her attractive ass ! "" = D",negative
"khloe kardashian just tweeted "" lets go Ron ROn "" . He is probably snaking Lamar aha .",negative
"Donald Trump , 2 . Where was this vocal outrage when al gore won the popular vote and the Supreme Court made George Bush president .",negative
the modern warfare 2 special edition xbox comes with a 250 gb hard drive . holy shit .,negative
"Is it bad that watching harry potter order of the phoenix , the school and rules remind me of pv ?",negative
"get rid of your old , boring windows 7 look :",negative
"seriously ! people hating on selena gomez , cause she's dating Justin Bieber ? patheticit's not like any if you haters will ever be with him !",negative
obama still pretending we want obama ?,negative
"Even more so than paris hilton being racist in her video - it chills me to the bone when she makes fun of people for being "" poor . "" She sucks .",negative
"It's a weird feeling , having Bob Seger's' Like A Rock' and weird al yankovic's' Weasel Stomping Day' stuck in your head at the same time .",negative
"I once said . . nikki minaj will be greater than lady gaga , & niggas thought i was crazy . now who crazy ?",negative
abcfamily . harry potter . fuck yeah .,negative
"US Taxpayers blow $ 529 million to produce play toys for al gore , Leonardo DiCaprio & other rich hypocrites - .",negative
"RT enormego : How is there no "" Don't sync iPhone-only apps "" option for ipad ? iTunes insistence on syncing all of my phone apps is FUCK ...",negative
"barack obama : "" I do not feel like I deserve it . "" YEAH . BECAUSE YOU DOn't .",negative
minivanblues Apple Survey - Do apple products rule your world ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
"Today all Joe Hoes and Stayers came together as one to cry , pervert , scream & get mind fucked by Joe and nick jonas . JoickShirtless .",negative
random i still cant believe nick cannon and Mariah carey got married ... i still think its fake though,negative
Diego / Hughes sends Man City doc with Zabaleta to protect him from maradona,negative
here you go . Smh . RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
Ed Schultz Calls john boehner and Paul Ryan Liars Moments Before Lying About Medicare | NewsBusters.org : . via addthis,negative
ain nobody think about no damn kim kardashian lol least i ain stunt that ass,negative
people can talk as much shit as the want about nick cannon & mariah carey but damn they making it despite the people talking . i doubted them,negative
Confused obama Sends Mixed Messages To Libya . .,negative
RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
"comment on nicolas cage owned a fucking castle of the day by its me : ha ha -- for once , i totally agree with you !",negative
Madonna is the bomb lady gaga is trying to hard these days to mimic her art,negative
my google Chrome flash plugin crashes everyday -- that's why I hate it . It happens because it sometimes lags and I get impatient . clickclick,negative
she got that good good she micheal jackson bad and im attracted to her with her attracted ass ...,negative
"I love this : on Huffington Post , Guy Richie quoted : "" madonna is retarded . "" Now THIS cracks me up .",negative
"Morning everybody ... In response to entering America into another war , obama cutting his vacay short ... by 2 hours",negative
The lakers suck !!!!,negative
"ha , uncle obumm , rhymer ! someone please shoot me ! lindsay lohan is freaking lame . what a freaking pain",negative
alright if this fucking britney spears bitch sucking penis page keep following me wtf stop that shit !!! `` - lmao she a group,negative
We all start recycling and driving hybrid cars and then spring never comes . thanks for nothing al gore . This is a much more inconvenient truth .,negative
IfGovernmentShutsDown Arrest john boehner and Eric Cantor and abolish the Tea Party !!!!,negative
"DTN UK : Bresnan undergoes scan : tim bresnan has had a precautionary scan on his calf , but England are optimistic ... .",negative
... and I feel even worse waking up next to him n the morning ... this is bad ... real bad micheal jackson,negative
i never ever get sick of pretending that i don't know who dave matthews is .,negative
I don't like kim kardashian . Not only does she have an irritating voice but she wears fur . Awful,negative
sexual tension between martha stewart & cookie monster really should not exist .,negative
iphone deemed the worlds worst phone says cnn -,negative
"Umm , ryan seacrest is on during Tony Matteo's slot on Alice . No me gusta . I have Matteo memories to keep . Don't remind me they are gone .",negative
mm me against the music by britney spears ft . madonna,negative
managed to completely forget about strength and conditioning tonight ... i blame it on google wave,negative
Sammy Hagar claims an alien abducted him . But everybody knows joe biden never abducts anyone . joedoesntevenknowhesvicepresidentyet,negative
The lakers not making it to the 2011 Championship thatwouldbeawesome,negative
Rihanna Rihanna refutes katy perry' feud' .,negative
"Not hardly ! -LRB- Somehow "" going rogue "" and sarah palin conjures all kinds of unpleasant images . -RRB-",negative
"barack obama promised to create jobs & he actually made good on that promise ! Unfortunately , they were created for the citizens of Brazil .",negative
SHe got That good good SHe micheal jackson bad,negative
russell brand is an annoying little FUCK who should be deported and never allowed to return to America rustyrockets,negative
""" oprah Behind The Scenes "" real shots with no glam StopRightThere ForTheGoodOfTheNation",negative
"Our podcast with billmckibben of 350 . org talks climate , Clean Air Act and why stephen colbert is a little scary : .",negative
"This is bad , real bad ... micheal jackson ...",negative
"Oh hell no . khloe kardashian is "" guest starring "" on Law & Order : LA ... is any talent required in Hollywood anymore ? o_O",negative
i'm tired of hearing about selena gomez . it was better when she wasnt being such a big fame whore .,negative
AbbieRaeBieber wow . . she sounds pretty retarded to meee . what the fuck . how is lady gaga better thannnn justin bieberrr ?!,negative
"serena williams' gimmicky "" banned "" ad .",negative
I can not BELIEVE the level of access the NBA gave the khloe and lamar show . That ryan seacrest and Kris Jenner are forces to be reckoned with,negative
AZTeamsAllDay RT connerysteph RT if you are lakers,negative
"everytime we think lindsay lohan hits rock bottom , she goes lower . . bitch can't ever bounce back ...",negative
"Goddamnit john legend ... I did not need the glow sticks rendition of Adele's "" Rolling in the Deep . """,negative
Look ! Huge ass rims on any car is terrible ! If you shoe size is 10 why would you get shaq's size ??? Get shit that fits ...,negative
AceBoogie _ FUCK the lakers ThatIsAll lol,negative
"obama thinks that "" ideas "" alone will cause victory against terrorists and madmen ? What an utopian absurd belief .",negative
"Publicized cases of martha stewart , Scooter Libby , Barry Bonds and Bernie Madoff demonstrate very successful people are more prone to lying ?",negative
2 things I hate : Glee & lady gaga ** waits for those with out a penis and those who like penis in butt to tell me I'm wrong & a jerk **,negative
"John Boehner , the Republican speaker of the House of Represenatives , criticized obama in a letter yesterday -LRB- continued -RRB- Lybia US",negative
Boutta Put On Ma nicki minaj N Get ready,negative
A guy thinks that john mayer deserves the womanizer title . Do you think so ? - john mayer - Vultures .,negative
My best friend just called justin bieber a fag . . that's pretty sad that she said that . D :,negative
Super pissed Casey got voted off American Idol . Fuck idol and fuck ryan seacrest . Peace .,negative
Mean And Petty sarah palin Rips Katie Couric : Fox News Host Greta Van stern asked Palin about Couric ` s exit oh ... .,negative
"that rt pained me , as i'm fairly certain it should have said "" i'm not george bush either "" but it was -LSB- sic -RSB- : p",negative
"12,000 and climbing ! 12,000 people telling john boehner he's a raging hypocrite for threatening a government ... .",negative
-LSB- peter -RSB- Jennifer Garner Beats jimmy fallon in Beer Pong | PopEater.com : Jennifer Garner is such a babe and how ... .,negative
"wow , barack obama sounds nothing like himself . . snl",negative
kalo suara aku kayak dulu pasti bisa nyanyi empire state of mind version alicia keys : -LRB-,negative
"michael jackson , kate gosselin , sarah palin , bernie madoff , lady gag , & britney spears are the most popular halloween costumes .",negative
"looking back over the obama nobel peace prize farce , what the hell did comedy jimmy carter get one for ?",negative
ive played that wii before and damn its a workout for real ... ha,negative
RT Mr_Jay_Loso : 5 rings and 10 years ! fuck you buddy ! Lmao RT K1ng_Gemini : RT PlayWitMyMonkey FUCK The lakers YeahISaidIt < lmao . .,negative
""" If I had a gun with only 2 bullets and was alone in a room with saddam , osama , and bieber I would shoot justin bieber twice . "" - halle",negative
Vote For Me - nicki minaj Look-A-Like Contest : .,negative
hwahhh ??? wacky brits ... britney spears voted best celebrity mum,negative
"fun ! thinking i should have waited for one , i'm having a lot of problems with my iphone : -LRB-",negative
"okay ! okay ! heard you guys -LRB- don't cha worry i still got many new info about the rulling pop star justin bieber , want to start it huh' shout !",negative
"please stop talking about the stupid kindle ! real books are so much cooler . just buy the original version ! -- """,negative
That fuck the lakers comment was coming from a celtics fan !!! You got a problem with that ? kickrocks !,negative
it's official : george bush was such an asshole you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him !,negative
SoRihanna.com Rihanna thought Russel was an idiot - One India : russell brand might be a comedian and hu ... . rihanna,negative
"1Msia boleh ! "" jeffreychew : Viewing of sex video in public boleh . Listening to lady gaga music can not """,negative
"Just saw maradona slip and side , that guy is a complete joke of a coach .",negative
Senate Isakson : obama policies fuel higher gas prices . Politics,negative
is lindsay lohan the world's worst jewel thief ?,negative
"This weekend I needa buy : : 1 -RRB- Portable CD Player with Headphones 2 -RRB- Halloween Costume Not Sure What Yet , I Wan na Get A -LSB- sarah palin mask .",negative
I usually could care less about nick cannon and Mariah Carey but I think its adorable their twins were born on their anniversary,negative
"I just took "" eres compatible con justin bieber ??? "" and got : 100 % compatible !!! :P ! Try it : .",negative
My boyfriend keeps calling me' A hot martha stewart' which is confusing . Sure I grew up in Connecticut . But I've never been to jail .,negative
tbh i hate lady gaga ... her music sucks & she looks like 40 & im pretty sure shes 20 something,negative
watching honeymoon in vegas reminded me how awful nicolas cage is .,negative
wow voyeur going off tonight . lindsay lohan looks like homeless person here . whatever happened 2 dressing up when you go out ? -LRB- via b_o_b_b_y -RRB-,negative
britney spears - gim me more < -- its britney bitch !,negative
youhaveanicebodybut you look like a crack whore like lindsay lohan . . you seem like you just got out of rehab,negative
charlie sheen might think he's winning but he'll die like everybody else he better look 4 someone who'll offer eternal life Jesus - > ftw,negative
why are you posting pictures of that annoying activist -LRB- and harry potter -RRB- ? She does more harm than good .,negative
AmbarBh Apple Survey - All Apple products Stink ? ipad sucks ? mac .,negative
listening' 3 by britney spears i don like still at all ç,negative
my mom just said that lindsay lohan does everything right ... i love the irony,negative
Justin Bieber is a crap singer ? Usher and justin timberlake were fighting over him,negative
"ashton kutcher Gives Demi Moore Post-Its , Not Diamonds : These shame tactics do not work on pedophiles , they do n ... .",negative
"Garth Brooks :' the system won't let obama do his job "" Paul Bernaert : "" Don't be a crybaby """,negative
wow i love reading tweets between perez & lindsay lohan ... totally bitchyness,negative
I don't know why i'm dissing the lakers tonight but fuck them lol letsgoheats,negative
"john legend Is' Rolling' In The Struggle : I'm so very conflicted about john legend's cover of Adele's "" Rolling i ... .",negative
"I have big probs with di fucking "" google "" and "" you tube "" !!! * ugghhh * * aaahhhhh * ; -RRB-",negative
"We don't want obama , it's my understanding that the polls show the American people don't want it . This is a democracy obama ! AMERICA !",negative
Damn 5 years went by not even a card should have been in that nick cannon movie love don't cost a thing,negative
i'm such a bad driver ! lindsay lohan wannabe ! bad baaaaaad driver hahaha,negative
"hilary swank talks motherhood , divorce and nudity : hilary swank says she is so comfortable being nude that her . .",negative
"is anyone else's iphone having 3g issues ? mine has been down all day , even after restart .",negative
Guy Ritchie breaks silence on madonna :' I still love her but she's retarded' -LRB- via enemy Magazine -RRB-,negative
"hilary swank = i just don't find her sexy . she made this movie less interesting . . . although i love "" ps i love you """,negative
Weird Al Gets The Go-Ahead From Lady gag For Parody : -LRB- RTTNews -RRB- - It looks like weird al yankovic will be able t ... .,negative
lakers AllDay GOSUNS GOWILDCATS lol,negative
"I gave up partying , dear Zysha ! I don't wan na be like paris hilton . My Idol is Michelle Obama ahahaha",negative
"Shit is what Liberals socialist and Marxist get from barack obama , Shinola to lubricate and polish their Heads",negative
i think hell has frozen over ... i've installed windows 7 ... ku0dm,negative
"You people don't know how much I HATE Rihanna , Britney , Eminem and nicki minaj ...",negative
"Hmm , so they sent Joe to camp to keep him from clearing up Team obama's Libya mission problem : -LRB- continued -RRB- .",negative
rt wesammer so obama won the nobel peace prize . why don't we call that award what it really is ? the fuck you george bush award,negative
William Bradley : Obama's Biggest Problems Still Lie Abroad : President barack obama has no shortage of nasty cri ... .,negative
"how from playing call of duty modern warfare 2 before its release date ? holy shit my xbox got banned ! o_o ,",negative
"Eer come on google , stop fucking me around .",negative
okay . Joe Jonas and nick jonas = FUCKING HOT SHIT .,negative
lindsay lohan is such a train wreck . every time the media forces me to see her she looks more and more like a crack whore .,negative
Newt Gingrich Assails obama Over Libya Policy -LRB- VIDEO -RRB- . obama,negative
i hate my ipod ! its dead ! dead dead dead !!! fml ! someone wan na fix it for me ?,negative
Damn ! selena gomez got punched in the face and Justin Bieber flipped off fans . WTF jailbait seriously it's like stupid to flip off fans !,negative
"If john boehner & Harry Reid can come to a budget compromise , the NFL players' union and owners really don't have an excuse . Imjustsaying",negative
RT Static_SpaZ : right here RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
Where is britney suck doggy . edited for spam prevention .,negative
google translate sucks !,negative
God I love the Roots . Seems like they are wasted on the jimmy fallon show .,negative
Dennis Rodman wasn't a scorer but he was a master at snatching up loose balls . kim kardashian needs to have her jersey retired too then .,negative
I really dislike perez hilton . He's just a bitch . And not even in a funny way . .,negative
kim kardashian's single makes me want to gathering up real musicians and lock myself in a room where no one can abuse me like that again .,negative
"paris hilton Refuses To Date Black Men : By Jen Jones Oh , Paris . It was bad enough when you trademarked "" That's h ... .",negative
nicolas cage gets freaky in bad lieutenant exclusive clip,negative
"MKR' is oprah moment that didn't quite work . "" Teams , we're going to the Outback ! "" . "" What ?! """,negative
google wave is really silly when you have no invites and like 3 people to talk to lol .,negative
i am no longer following kim kardashian . I hope this doesn't ruin her day too badly .,negative
"The awkward moment when Rebecca Black actually thinks nick jonas likes her song , when he's really just making fun of her . thatwasawkward",negative
lindsay lohan' s anguish of lesbian love affairs,negative
britney spears is not essay music . Her album has made me unbelievably unproductive .,negative
Friends With Benefits looks so much better than No Strings Attached . It's totally ashton kutcher's fault,negative
absolutely ridiculous amount of traffic on 85 after jimmy carter' ish,negative
RT Sheila_So_Sexy : RT tastemypussy Who's watching the sorry lakers play 2nite ? < -- FUCK the lakers !!! If you not a Heat Fan ... StabY ...,negative
I just had an image of hillary clinton with one hand on her hip and the other one giving me a thumbs up ... Win ?,negative
no paris hilton . no one cares who your new Dubi bff is going to be . you have no friends .,negative
"I was off telling madonna 2 suck my penis . Oh , and my internet connection is hit and miss right now .",negative
bad place to lose a contact lens . this alley behind the liquor store looks like the contents of lindsay lohan' s stomach .,negative
justin bieber ISn't PERFECT . He's not letting you down you're letting yourself down by thinking he doesn't make mistakes .,negative
less than a year and obama wins a nobel peace prize ... george bush must feel like a real assholio !,negative
"RT `` Dino_Brown : RT lilDickTracy : Fuck harry potter ... . Fuck myers park ... . WeTheBoyz """,negative
listening to britney spears . wow the quality of music is so bad now . shame on the companies that sign them .,negative
i'm sick of these fake britney spears giving head video icons and pornstars following me . . they need 2 get me in the porn industry asap lol,negative
""" I dare you to fuck martha stewart "" - Courtney Cox to David Arquette on the Howard Stern Show April 14 , 2011",negative
"ipod touch damn it ! not itouch ! and language girl , youre 10 !",negative
chill RT Brandi_Brielle : i hate harry potter and wish he would just die already !,negative
I fucking hate ryan seacrest . -LRB- I don't even know if I spelled the bitches name right . -RRB-,negative
Watch this muh fucking harry potter and do this research lol . RT _ iCasey _ : What am I gon na do ?,negative
lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
mmm that britney spears bitch keep falling me ; im bouta whupp her stupid ass,negative
it just hit me that marilyn manson looks like the undead version of nicolas cage . just saying . -LRB- via deanleysen -RRB- - rofl,negative
you'd never know how weirdly shaped jimmy carter' is head is until you try to do a cut-out,negative
Firm says britney spears' perfume dealings stink : LOS angles -LRB- Reuters -RRB- - britney spears is being sued for more ... .,negative
"Sinisterissimo ! Karl Rove starts obama wiki . . Even GregMitch says "" Ha , or huh ? "" wikileaks",negative
sarah palin president ! Jay moved to Antarctica ! She is a homophobic bitch ! She lies each time she avoids a real question !,negative
"sarah palin is more concerned with herself and money than with the american people , she cant win in 2012",negative
Its too hot . And the image of mariah carey as my Desktop wallpaper is NOT helping .,negative
miley cyrus is a bad actor . sorry to all her fans who say that the last song is' just like totally the best mover ever' but no . no its not .,negative
nicki minaj aint trying to throw it tonight at Blakely's Lmao ^_^,negative
My right boob is like sarah palin ; always going rogue .,negative
"LOL ! I found out some time ago , I hated that shit ! RT LONZtheMUA : I FINALLY FIGURED OUT HOW TO TURN OFF THAT WRETCHED google BUZZ F'RY",negative
"sweet , face/off is on . best travolta/cage movie . also nicolas cage looks badass with a mustache !",negative
"Rihanna no longer thinks russell brand is an idiot : Rihanna says she thought russell brand was an "" idiot "" when s ... .",negative
"Fuck is wrong with corey gunz , he can't make a choice between weezy and nick cannon , who the fuck is nick cannon again ?",negative
"Stupid kids . Purple Rain is known for Prince , not for justin bieber . What has the world come to . FUCK .",negative
I wonder if charlie sheen realizes that no one actually knows what the fuck he is talking about . Loser,negative
oh hell no my xbox just froze on me,negative
Flex Im disappointed in photos you have laid out not enough sexy and you put up serena williams and Teyana Taylor as sexy ?,negative
"curse you itunes , i do not want britney spears garbage ! stop reccomending it and give me something good .",negative
And I know yall heard about the rumors of madonna wanting to have Pacs baby ... yeah I kicked that bitch into an abortion .,negative
damn you britney spears for making such catchy songs ...,negative
"why do people think kim kardashian is hot and shit ? tbh , she's quite ugly .",negative
"the point is to be home and just relax/play xbox , dude . school sucks and the people there suck aswell",negative
i know it was a joke . she is a sicko lindsay lohan fan . there where pictures from will with what looked like a herpes on her mouth .,negative
"Every time I randomly watch oprah winfrey on television , I can't help but wonder , how the fuck has this idiot been on nationally for 25 years ?",negative
Lol right here RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
`` YouhaveNoTeeth : Fuck Kobe And The lakers . < -- InspirationalTweet,negative
nicki minaj : I look like yes and you look like no . < Really ? Don't even get me VEXED ! I WILL SMASH My LAPTOP ! LOL,negative
holy shit ! i would fucking kill to see hillary clinton ...,negative
beautifulnigjtmare If you the chick that the condom break on while fucking bill gates,negative
this girl sprayed paris hilton and britney spears perfume on me . my wrists smell like slut and bad decision,negative
"Don't know who aggravates me more Mich McConnell , john boehner , or Harry Reid . Why don't they all shut up ?",negative
windows 7 gaming and support sucks . no shock here .,negative
"Trying to find news info on E . Taylor's death , saw this : lady gaga Says She Loves Bruce Springsteen , Won't Do Reality television . Who cares ?",negative
"no . windows sucks . and windows 7 copies apple's leopard to achieve less . they can't innovate , and can't copy very well either .",negative
rt : phillyd they finally added dissidia to the playstation store wooo . stupid psp go,negative
I understand Julia Child is a legend right next to martha stewart but I can't stand to hear that bitch talk .,negative
damn these spamers are crazy always following my ass with britney spears sucking cock and i block them they keep cumin back damn,negative
getting bored of playing about with windows 7 and twitter . off to put a film on and relax in front of television .,negative
"Am I the only one who freaking hates the google images jazz that they have done , it's a curse on slow internet : /",negative
"yet another spambot adds me , this one offering pictures of britney spears in the nude . not in my wildest nightmare would i want that . d :",negative
"okay , wtf !!! how many times can britney spears sucking penis follow me ? now my followers are up to 84 , tomorrow i will have 7 ... dumb shit !!!",negative
babe ruth and britney spears are split by 93 places on the kiss marry kill index .,negative
"all this moving , i'll be dropping pounds like how britney spears drops babies ... : p",negative
"but your such a fake , wish people would stop following a fake harry potter , scar on the back of a Cereal Pckt was it , yeah .",negative
Cody Simpson followed selena gomez . Then followed 4 Selena hate pages . Loll wow . Cody why don't you like her ... ?,negative
so i been banned from xbox live kuz i got my shit flashed ! wtf ! on sum real shit dats beyond gay !,negative
RT Brandi_Brielle : i hate harry potter and wish he would just die already !,negative
"glorybemagazine ipad , pod and phone users ! That's why Apple sucks . None of their devices run Flash : -LRB-",negative
"if you want to arm yourself , try talking to an iranian about what jimmy carter and his dangerous lib view did to iran tcot",negative
' 3' is a really dirty song . even for britney spears !,negative
who' z gon na be lucky 100 it betta not be for fucking britney spears !!!!!!!,negative
The torture of listening to someones headphones blasting taylor swift has left a terrible earworm scar on this morning,negative
How blah that Gmail doesn't let me switch between different accounts . Logging out personal mail to use work-related google tools sucks,negative
I think George bush was a great president -LRB- ; : Stranger : justin bieber talented ? That is like saying George with . Bush was a good president .,negative
"Kris Jenner Slams khloe kardashian for Gaining Weight : As Jenner sees it , her daughter's weight gain makes her a ... .",negative
nicki minaj is a freaking monster,negative
pfsh ! you suck charlie ! go hump nicolas cage,negative
RT this lakers -LRB- !! -RRB- I rather any other team win besides them !,negative
google wave is a machine for annoying me .,negative
ipod messed up again because i went to install winterboard and it camera up with restore again !! : -LRB-,negative
"Looks like dave matthews is in town , hope he doesn't dump his shit in the Chicago river again ... It's already nasty enough .",negative
"No one can help me with finding the video , that justin bieber tweeted with a video of a girl who had been bullied ??? Please . . stopbullying .",negative
i saw on your myspace that you got the red ring of death ... see that's why you need a ps3 because xbox is garbage ... ps3 is more reliable,negative
Shoutout to al gore and the other geniuses who believe in global warming ... somebody lied rickrossvoice,negative
Last Kiss By taylor swift Is Like The Saddest Song I've Ever Heard : -LSB-,negative
just installed windows 7 . the upgrade from vista failed miserably ... after troubleshooting for x hours i gave up in favor of a clean setup,negative
"just started liking two songs i hated when they first came out : radar - britney spears , sexy bitch - david guetta feat . akon .",negative
britney spears new song is about a threesome . but its 2 guys 1 girl ? i believe that's called a gangbang . dirty britney . -LRB- via dramabeats -RRB- lmao,negative
Ya'll not gon na act like joe biden don't have charisma for days !!!!,negative
"pretty bitch swag . spoiled and pretty feeling like paris hilton . winning like charlie sheen . you losing , feeling like yourself . lmaoooo",negative
she got that good good ... she micheal jackson bad n im attracted 2 her with her attractive ass,negative
"i don understand the hype around lady gag , she's weird as hell and her music isnt all that great , sounds like britney spears to me",negative
Resolved : The weird al yankovic gag Dispute : The gag camp made a big fuss about it ... and they aren't the ... .,negative
"alwayspistol williamkristol - nobody wants to here from you , tokyo rove , ck except rinos you gave us obama , now let sarah clean it up for us . .",negative
"all the toothpaste factories blow up ? making the air fresh , or did britney spears blow someone a kiss ? problem . britney spears .",negative
lindsay lohan é a bitch eterna .,negative
jimgeraghty : Inspired by EdMorrissey : Thank goodness we didn't elect john mccain . He might have actually closed Gitmo .,negative
Do fucking rednecks have nothing better to do than bitch because kids are singing about fucking barack obama ?,negative
that's just my word for penis . tired of the britney spears tweet . i don't think she's talented with or without one . imho . : -RRB-,negative
lol . watching reruns of the teen choice awards . britney spears was a total bitch to miley cyrus when miley gave her the award !,negative
RT AMEN TO THAT ! SongofSongs1_2 he aka obama is no Commander-in-Chief ! George Washington is rolling over in his grave !,negative
"Owe $ 1100 in taxes ... I guess obama wants me to get knocked up ? Then I get FREE MONEY ?! to you crackheads I'm paying healthcare for , f you .",negative
"I mean , john legend has a nice voice and all , but just ... no . Don't fuck with Adele .",negative
i really wish i was actually paying attention to this game instead of trying to figure out this stupid ipod touch .,negative
"MariaSharapova , Why do Venus and serena williams both look like butch men but Maria Sharapova is super hot ? - .",negative
dude fuck this gay ass movie . i hate lindsay lohan,negative
"christ , those windows 7 ads are incredibly annoying . "" snap ! "" . yeah , snap your bleeding' neck mate .",negative
you like the fake sounding sythed voices that makes them all sound like britney spears ?!? these kids can sing they don't need it,negative
"noonelikesyoubecause you hate lady gaga , cher lloyd , justin bieber , cheryl cole + megan fox . go die !",negative
"charlie sheen get out here and show his ass , and get a pat on his back . Chris wilds out and now everybody think he crazy !! O_o DontAddUp ,",negative
I really need Michelle obama to stop coming off air force one with a wrap,negative
I'll b sure to get a copy of your book . Thanks 4 contacting me see !! Uncovering steve jobs' Presentation Secrets,negative
aaaaaaaand the lindsay lohan debacle continues ...,negative
RT all_day_jay : RT hey_virg anybody have google talk or whateva that shit called,negative
"i temporarily followed lady gaga just so i can say "" you suck """,negative
"shiteremakes Angel Heart . Robert Pattinson as Harry Angel , russell brand as the Devil .",negative
Republicans Attack obama for Being in Brazil to Create American Jobs . Yet the GOP Can't Even Create American Jobs in America . WIunion p2,negative
"barack obama And The Wisdom Of The Ages Have Clashed , And God Has Won .",negative
"N . oh . with are you saying sarah palin "" deserved "" it ? We already know your a group of irrelevant , bitter , hypocritical liars , why keep proving it ?",negative
Sister madonna Buder made the time cut on the swim ironman . She's 79yrs old and on the bike-she's finished 36 roman -LRB- via roadbikeaction -RRB-,negative
sarah palin is a disgrace & an embarrassment to thinking women everywhere . Her inevitable implosion will be spectacular palin12,negative
twosixohone Apple Survey - Do apple products rule your world ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
i bet if george bush aka satan would got ta nobel peace prize nobody would been hatin ... yeah i said it ... * kanye style * lol,negative
and they were tryna kill us all and everyone was like shit run ! then it went normal again : L and nick jonas was sitting on a chair all sad,negative
mitzi_3vans i think its britney spears . . someone be making them dumb shits,negative
nicolas cage is not responsible for his financial irresponsibility -LRB- e ! online -RRB- : when it comes to taking the blame for . .,negative
just for the record justinbieberD we all now your rnot really justin bieber !!!!!,negative
wow there sure are a lot of iphone users in here ... losers,negative
"I hate charlie sheen . Actually , infact , I despise him .",negative
"forabilliondollars i'll punch jimmy carter in his face , lmao",negative
"which crazy mess should i be ... lady gag , amy winehouse , or britney spears ? halloween ideas ? pluhlease . i'm desperate .",negative
RT _ lovetoeknee : Keri hilson & lady gaga are the bomb,negative
the reason the kindle is and continues to be a failure is because i can't put all my old books on it .,negative
the world knew she was gutter slut filth & trash when she kissed that damned old uglyass skank madonna mouth those are what HELL IS MADE UP OF,negative
"pointless comment , but just want to say that i really can't stand hilary swank .",negative
-LRB- continued . -RRB- like nickelback or britney spears ! what happened to real music ? what about that !,negative
e ! on the b - is lindsay lohan being a bad girl ? from e ! news now .,negative
Why make-up fims L'Oreal and Dior paint stars' like lady gaga's mouths in lipstick ads ? : The crude enhancement a ... .,negative
""" They didn't know how I feel inside , through my smile I cry "" - alicia keys "" Caged Bird """,negative
"What do you mean broke ? Like marthastewart broke , or Mchammer broke ? mc hammer broke !! Noooooo jajajaja",negative
this basketball year ima go with the celtics fuck the lakers call me a hater idgaf,negative
Riiiggghhht here RT BigJamaal lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
freaky friday is onnnnnnnn !!!!!! i fucking love this movie !!!! lindsay lohan and tienna are the shit in this band !!,negative
does george bush deserve a nobel peace prize hell no he needs a kick in his ass for sending this country to war for no reason,negative
mlbpulse angels errors more contagious than lindsay lohan genital warts at promises .,negative
Jill Biden : kim kardashian Dissed by Second Lady Jill Biden ! : JILL Biden hates kim kardashian ! Sources say ... .,negative
shaquille o'neal to miss 3rd straight playoff game | The ... : shaquille o'neal will miss his third straight play ... .,negative
Why are we in this mess ? Because we have been too transfixed on charlie sheen and too inattentive to the rogues and liars governing,negative
"Has mariah carey's home phone number thanks to big mouthed Nick Cannon xD She's angry so many people have rang though , too scared to ring D :",negative
charlie sheen Tries to Take Two and Half Men Fight -LRB- Even More -RRB- Public .,negative
barack obama JUST NOMINATED FOR HIS WORK IN THE ficticiousfable of the fake president playing himself ! Go for the oscar gold bb !,negative
"Must be strange dating someone like shakira . Does Pique ever stop thinking ,' wow , that's shakira laying cable in my bathroom ! Cool' .",negative
"See , the Racist is . Mcgavin kgrayson23 says that President obama "" beats "" women and "" molests "" children ... .",negative
The obama domestic genocide hug .,negative
RT inibbleonclits : Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics < that sorry team itz all about the lakers,negative
has just nominated barack obama for a Pulitzer Prize ... for best fiction .,negative
"kim kardashian Makeup Tutorial | Famous Fart : -LRB- flattering -RRB- pleasing rican lady here doing nasty camera shows , go ... .",negative
"well , i'm getting forced into bed since i have a fucking english exam tomorrow . at least i have my ipod .",negative
dear lindsay lohan : thank you for looking older at 23 than i do at 37 . it makes my upcoming birthday that much easier to accept . cheers !,negative
"Obama winning the nobel peace prize is like madonna winning an award 4 "" being like a virgin "" -LRB- via CrabbyCon -RRB-",negative
"george bush "" the war president "" barack obama "" the peace president "" ☺ .",negative
she got that good good she micheal jackson bad and im attracted to ha with ha attractive ass . ...,negative
What moron is going to vote that fucktard sarah palin as president . . ? If you do your just as much of an idiot as she is,negative
So jayblood331 fell asleep on harry potter 7 wtf . He's a weirdo everyone love harry,negative
"lol "" barack obama may not have deserved the nobel peace prize , george bush didn't deserve the election . we're even now . """,negative
okay i had to cut my lakers on fuck this crazy bitch on swimfan lol,negative
""" Rogue : a deceitful and unreliable scoundrel "" , sarah palin is rogue indeed ! gopfail gop palin palinfail teapartyfail",negative
"nicolas cage is my least favorite actor and selma blair is my least favorite actress . have i said this before ? well , to reiterate",negative
"Like ... . the lag is 34 whole seconds . I'm not lying . It's so awkward . Y' all fucking up my husband , anderson cooper's , flow .",negative
Is kim kardashian Really Moving to NYC and Marrying Kris Humphries ? : kim kardashian has been spending an awful l ... .,negative
Excuse me john boehner instead of blaming the dem and obama do your job . And lay off barackobama,negative
having issues with xbox customer service . they made an error and they think i should be charged for it . we'll see .,negative
"It sounds like there may be a replacement for charlie sheen on "" Two and a Half Men . "" What do you think ? .",negative
"fuck you micheal jackson , madonna is the best performance EVER ...",negative
"so he gets the nobel peace prize from europeans and it's all like oh , la la la , george bush , u' r a dickhead , where's your nobel peace prize ?",negative
That new nicki minaj britney spears and ke $ ha song is kinda ill not gon na lie nohomo though,negative
"lindsay lohan , jewel thief : adding credit card fraud to her resume ... : thatthat's right , bitches . give it . .",negative
oh and i hate britney spears .,negative
"dear britney spears orn spammer : don't you think if i wanted to see her vagina , i would have by now ? it's not the best kept secret , is it ?",negative
I hate maradona and Argentina .,negative
britney spears new song is about a threesome . but its 2 guys one girl ? i believe that's called a gangbang . dirty britney .,negative
"mererenee I'm and the streets , fuck google !!!",negative
I hate how niggas that use the lakers bitch about people playing with the Heat . you mad cause niggas have a equal team to play with ?,negative
i never liked lindsay lohan but seriously her dad should stop going 2the media & stop being a attention seeker no i no y the girl is messed up,negative
joe biden got caught sleeping on the job lol goes to show that no matter how high up you are ... we're all human,negative
"Dude , do not tell me you like harry potter ! I hate it more than I can find words to express ! lol",negative
"since my ipod won't fcken show up on itunes , i am now forced to listen to the beatles , okay : -RRB-",negative
Me ? Love justin bieber ? I wouldn't dream of it !,negative
"okay MTV is pissing me off . . How is mariah carey and Michael Jackson hip-hop ? Not everyone who's pseudo-black is hip-hop , please !",negative
Yalready know !! RT BigJamaal lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
may be it's a damn parent trap -LRB- hell no you're making a movie with lindsay lohan -RRB- huahahahahahaha,negative
"5 years ago i was 8 years older than lindsay lohan , sadly now i look 10 years younger than lilo .",negative
Its dishonour and disregard that charlie sheen has blunts named after him before wiz khalifa ...,negative
"those using windows 7 on laptops , you need to consider aerofoil to help prevent battery life :",negative
- shaq Is So Lame . . Lmao,negative
i just heard that tomorrow reported that britney spears was found in a new york hotel dead from an apparent overdose ! = 0 -LRB-,negative
"ha it was fun playing madonna to digitalis to MJ to run dmc to metronomy to more shit , sad I didnt found roman . .",negative
They should have invited lady gaga 2 d Royal Wedding she will just walk in there with a dead body on her head and evry1 will forget about kate,negative
really . lindsay lohan is the biggest disaster ever . you really could do better .,negative
"Wenyi_C Yeah , that's one of the reasons why I don't follow them . Plus , google translate sucks . : D",negative
"i LOVE the song "" Till the World Ends "" By britney spears . but Kesha wrote it ... And I think it'd be a Better Kesha song/Video",negative
"john mccain is refusing to watch the film adaptation of "" game change "" ; and why would he , really ? it's not like it's matlock . i mean , c'mon !",negative
"Well at least we can be sure she the "" dumb bitch "" part right "" Dumb bitch "" paris hilton responds to Sarah Shahi .",negative
those twins on x factor . . who the hell thought it'd be a good idea for them to sing britney spears ? so terrible . .,negative
omg dumb and dumber are trashing britney spears' oops i did it again,negative
"for the nth time , i have no interest in seeing britney spears do anything . * clicks block *",negative
my ipod got seriously fucked up d : it wouldn't work for like a hour and the screen was completely frozen dx mehh ...,negative
i hate that new britney spears song' 3' . why do her songs always have to be about sex and all that ? lmao . ...,negative
"If al gore invented the Internet , I invented spell check . ~ Dan Quayle",negative
"why , were you listening to britney spears and you are worried you coffee is going to taste like shit ?",negative
"at the park and I heard this little boy say "" you look like soulja boy ass "" to this little girl . . lmfaoo ahahah funniest shit I've heard all week",negative
why does jimmy carter support barack obama ? carter doesn't want to go down in history as worst president .,negative
"na na na na everyday it's like my ipod stuck on replay , replay-ay-ay-ay ...",negative
the new britney spears song is proving that she knows how to count to 3 . . well done britney ?,negative
"dina lohan `` begging "" lindsay's friends to help her : lindsay lohan' s life is on a downward spiral . let & 82 . .",negative
lady gaga is to Madonna as a Dip Shit Eccentric Hat Whore is to Madonna .,negative
"the haag can give george bush the war crimes prize , and give him and penis cheney and torture incorp . , free housing .",negative
"watching ghost rider , almost forgot how bad an actor nicolas cage is !!",negative
"3-year-old whining more than Speaker john boehner Why ? He wants to be governor of New Jersey , raise taxes and no ... .",negative
"obama lacks management to shiver Yucca site , justice told : WASHINGTON WASHINGTON-Lawyers for Washington state an ... .",negative
xsellycakes fuck harry potter . . - . -,negative
"random apple users complaining about apple's new itunes sucking ; snow leopard os internet sharing sucking , magic mouse sucking . go windows 7",negative
"Friend : "" how old is justin bieber ? "" Me : * 2 hours later * "" ... and that is why he is claustrophobic ! "" itsabelieberthing",negative
NP soulja boy - -LRB- 1UP -RRB- my utter-utter-utter Bullshit ... my ears are Bleeding .,negative
and bill gates and suck my cock ... or lack thereof,negative
"obama - if you wan na fight , please take the lead . Don't be a coward .",negative
why does lindsay lohan suddenly look like she's 54 years old ?,negative
who follows lindsay lohan !? she has the worst rep as an actor . no one wants to work with her.do people follow her because any' celebrity' is cool ?,negative
Why is this fool walking round here with FREAKING mc hammer PANTS ON . HELP ME LORD this style can't be coming back ... smh ...,negative
I will stop following you if you talk about justin bieber all the time .,negative
"although george bush did more in his first 10 months - he didn't deserve it . reagan did , but reps never get it !",negative
The awkward moment when you see justin kissing fucking selena gomez .,negative
""" Cast your cares on the Lord and he will sustain you , he will never let the righteous fall . Unless you're mc hammer . "" Psalm 55:22",negative
you stupid twitters with the default picture of britney spears sucking a cock stop trying to follow me witchaweakass,negative
jaden crys when he hears nicki minaj and drake sing experience but dances when better and snoop d ... : .,negative
News video talks about obama sends US troops to defend those that have been attacking US troops !? Guns 2 Mexico now this ? .,negative
hey ! your avatar is a britney spears sucking a penis ! this indicates that you are a real human and original . beatcancer,negative
im micheal jackson bad and he attracted to me with / my attractive ass .,negative
"it's britney , bitch ! : i was pulled to a britney spears concert for my beloved girlfriend . the things i do for he . .",negative
i absolutely hate lady gaga,negative
"stephen colbert hasn't actually been invited to the royal wedding yet , but since it never hurts to be prepared , ... .",negative
Ryan Adams should have married me instead of mandy moore . I'm like 12x more exciting .,negative
These kids are cracking me up ! -LRB- katy perry's Firework -- new video -RRB- .,negative
"HIP HOP DISRESPECT : paris hilton : "" I Can't Stand Black Guys "" 2 see VIDEO click = = >> . RETWEET",negative
"obama is a real risk taker , pussy put all 1 seeds in the final for his bracket",negative
WEEJAY619 I hate the lakers lol,negative
healther looks like stupid bold britney spears,negative
"RT alvinthlang hellaspunky f you ! < - LOL there goes ONE of my MANY lakers haters , your queens are going down tonight , kay , thanksbye !",negative
"lady gaga Apologizes For' Retarded' Slur , Approves Weird Al Parody : lady gaga performs her Monster's Ball tour a ... .",negative
"barack obama does not , and should not rock a cape , imo .",negative
Fuck the lakers * signs off Twitter *,negative
ii can make yo bed rock ! she got that good good ! she micheal jackson bad ! hate 2 c ha go ! but love 2 watch ha leave ...,negative
smh i think ma twittercrush has a crush ... ... ... . this is bad real bad micheal jackson,negative
RT Kissin_InDaRain I hate when 25days of Christmas plays harry potter -_-,negative
nicki minaj ah Freak on the low,negative
"Nicki ? nicki minaj ? Psssh no ways ! Lol India Arie yes dats more like it , but you ? you becoming a reason too blueMbali",negative
right here RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ?,negative
RT beambenzbentley : lakers can go eat DUST ! THATISALL -LSB- hater ... -RSB-,negative
"lindsay lohan news lindsay lohan : ungaro's ugly , budget pasties weren't my idea : fresh off th . .",negative
"For example , sending death threats to kim kardashian , are you kidding me ? It's not like they were gon na date , she's like 30 . I mean , come on .",negative
"Mitt Romney blasts obama as "" nuanced . "" Yes , he really used that word as an epithet : .",negative
Kyle Korver does not look like no damn ashton kutcher ... who told that lie,negative
"yeah boy !!! RT Michael_JCox : Btw , lakers . lakerhaterandproudofit .",negative
"I can't believe I'm writing this , anderson cooper just mocked Chinese govt ban on television time travel with ref to his Dungeon & Dragons childhood",negative
wow lindsay lohan is quite literally a crack whore .,negative
She gone say if this bitch paris hilton don't just sell perfume and sit down somewhere she silly man lol,negative
I hate harry potter . Dobby died and if fred and george die i will have no reason to watch those stupid movies and e more .,negative
i hate the britney spears once . they're so disgusting .,negative
weneedacurefor talented famous hoes . kim kardashian couldn't even make an interesting sex tape . why is she relevant ?,negative
erikacardoso217 I figured out exactly why I hate harry potter !!! Its a pussy version of Xmen ! My coworker -LRB- continued -RRB- .,negative
"I just took "" What would happen if you , justin bieber , Dylan Sprouse , and Cole Sprouse with ... "" and got : FIGHT !!!!! Try it : .",negative
grand tourismo for psp i fucking dope .,negative
"lindsay lohan is losing her mind ... getting way too personal on twitter about her relationship , or lack thereof , with sam ron ...",negative
damn it i hate iphone typing .,negative
"lol it's official : george bush was such an arsehole , u can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him",negative
"uau , guns n' roses  o / i hate britney spears ¬ ¬ ui , bobona do fundo' -' huashsuahsuah euri .",negative
If sarah palin wants to ruin America I say let her ... we let Obama,negative
new post on legality of the war -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . featuring a very scholarly exposition by biden in 1998 . -LRB- Really ! -RRB-,negative
lohan a bad influence : michael lohan claims daughter lindsay lohan is a bad influence on teenage sister alianoth . .,negative
the noble prize is a joke . jimmy carter got one .,negative
got a suspicion my xbox hard drive is fucked,negative
"I watched your Letterman appearance with madonna today on You TubeNobody does that anymore , everyone's so well behaved shame",negative
Mr. ashley tisdale scary guy fu and where they came together Sneem only suited her Zac Efron at the place they are perfect couple,negative
paris fashion week lindsay lohan' s first emanuel ungaro collection is a walk of shame,negative
"so i was hppay to gain 4 followers ... dun dun dun . until i saw 4 profile pictures of britney spears sucking penis , treated ...",negative
windows 7 -- some serious problems still remain,negative
"Hip-Hop Rumors : Cam ` Ron , Prodigy , Rick Ross , nicki minaj and More ! : PRODIGY BEDDED KEYSHIA COLE Man , they are ca ... .",negative
"Ew , disgusting - I found a harry potter suck big balls book in my room !",negative
i wish gaga would get rid of that new logo . shit looks like lady sasa,negative
Its hard to believe someone is nicki minaj's number one fan if they think Pink Friday is her only disk out ...,negative
lindsay lohan' s dad knows everyone -- even his troubled daughter's drug dealer ! michael lohan -- who recently ins . .,negative
"my arms are hurting so bad because of the wii games i played yesterday . really hurting , guess i'm getting old",negative
"okay my dad did not Appreciate me putting on Romans Revenge by nicki minaj . God she only says the "" C word "" D : WHAT A SHOCK ! - . -",negative
stranding at the checkout line ... wow that picture of lindsay lohan looks really bad . what happened to that poor girl ?!,negative
"I kind of thought ryan seacrest would just fizzle out and go away , no such luck .",negative
Oh fuck . taylor swift and taylor lautner is acting too ! Fuuuucccckkk ! D :,negative
"iwasthinkin why people like artists like lady gaga and other mainstrem , their music has no good messages to them and they just suck",negative
i really hate harry potter movies .,negative
"i hate mobile web , but my genius of a brother decided to install windows 7 onto his laptop and it doesnt work to well . .",negative
"any more q's about why promiscuity , drugs , and alcohol don't pay ? lindsay lohan looks like she's 40 .",negative
Stop it all you nicki minaj wannabs,negative
Do Demi Moore And ashton kutcher's Human Trafficking Videos Seem A Little Too Cheerful To Anyo ... . frankguillen fb,negative
"i hear obama is to receive a "" razzie award "" for worst president next to jimmy carter .",negative
"whats the deal with lindsay lohan . . she's 23 , looks 43 and acts like she's 13 . . hahahaha . . lol",negative
Meet Jasmine villages : Did Justin Bieber and selena gomez break up because of her ? : Did Justin Bieber and Selena ... .,negative
So there's 2 of us ! Lol lakers oh snap ! Where's kihei_girl my friend !,negative
has' toxic' by britney spears stuck in my head . please shoot me . fb,negative
who told taylor swift it was okay to dance like that in those covergirl commercials ? because that's a pretty funny joke ... notafan,negative
"sarah palin is a bitch who hates "" gay "" people , why should anyone apologize to her ? David Letterman is not that bad of a guy .",negative
"i'm begging . if anyone has a google wave invite , please stick it deep in your own ass while i destroy everything you live for ... thanks .",negative
forced to change the name to' if you see amy' by us stations because it sounds like f.u.c.k.me britney spears - ... ♫ ~ erq08,negative
i love my job . i get to go to a lot of overseas places ... like canada . - britney spears stupidphrases,negative
""" I want to try Botox , but I read that kim kardashian had a bad reaction to it . Is that common ? "" Our expert's answer : .",negative
sck and tiredf damn porn ad poppig up as a follower . i dn'teven like britney spears . leave me be damnit !!,negative
Townhall - The Damning Contradictions of obama's Attack on Libya . via townhallcom,negative
"I just took "" You Hate justin bieber , But Will You Hate Him Even More When You F ... "" and got : Part 3 ... ! Try it : .",negative
ive had the misfortune of meeting madonna she is such a stuck up bitch ! ♥ d when met you at expo ldn ages ago though cme back to ldn . x,negative
sarah palin was a disaster and 40 years of Monty Python . It's History Links of the Day ! - = 623,negative
I hate barack obama !! Anybody else agree that my girl Hillary Clinton should've been our president ? I voted 4 Hillary & was sadden her loss,negative
"I'm not cool , says john legend - AsiaOne : AsiaOneI'm not cool , says john legend MAY have a reputation f ... .",negative
I can't believe that I thought I would not be able to find a channel playing the royal wedding . Have my choice of 5 . anderson cooper FTW,negative
Spring break impression check-list . Tom Delonge : Check ! Rivers Cuomo : Not that bad . Gerard Way : Could be worse . lady gaga : Not even close .,negative
joe biden is mad . Well I never would thought that . Hard to believe,negative
"why i'm listening "" circus "" - britney spears ? i hate that song ...",negative
"hey you . hey you ,' britney spears sucking cock spam' . do me a favor : go suck some cock and stop following me",negative
and jimmy fallon and taylor hicks lmao,negative
actually i think the whole world knew how bad george bush was ... in fact he became a laughing stock ...,negative
 i hate the windows 7' my idea' adverts ... esp as most of the new features were again pinched from apple . if you're a pc then fuck off,negative
is having the most frustrating time with a psp dev kit ...,negative
"There is still hope for humanity . OH : "" I'm 14 and I prefer Phil Collins than justin bieber "" .",negative
"mxKID912 no I didn't lol , I meant the Kobe v 5 rings since he won his fifth , I hate the lakers",negative
"to do list ; kill the twins , kill louis , kill george bush -LRB- don ask -RRB- , meet olly + jamie , marry danny jones and then discover vampires are real",negative
hahaha no you don ! lol remember lady gag and britney spears for halloween !,negative
Tbf I hate madonna ... Needs to pack up and start a constructive hobby ... Like knitting .,negative
"Well , he is isn't he ? Rihanna thought russell brand was an' idiot' . indy_ext",negative
am i the only one having problems w | aim on the stupid iphone ??,negative
does anyone care what tankengliang thinks about lady gaga ? RT : I don't agree with lady gaga call 4 Malaysian fan 2 fight censorshp of her music,negative
The timing of the Libyan attack & obama leaving 4 Brazil should b investigatd . never heard of a POTUS calling 4 an attack & leavg country . tcot,negative
"pgn main kingdom hearts birth by sleep , tp gl punya psp . damn shit damn shit damn !!",negative
"i hate the lame lady gaga quizes on facebook . they are all the same . if i make one , that is really hard , will y' all take it ?",negative
My Bitch is Bad ! Like martha stewart when she was in Jail ThugLife BASED,negative
"How I'm Gon na Tell My Baby Bye Bye , Outfit Look Crazy On You You My lady gaga !",negative
I use to love alicia keys but she broke my heart with that baby so I had me one 2 lol,negative
are you trynaa die on twitter > __ < RT DMULAbabyy Fuck the lakers ! Just thought I should add that !,negative
obama was wrong from day 1 all he did was delay or procrastinate on no fly zone AcademicHelp,negative
"Gary Rothfeld Chavez single boosts Yanks over Rangers : Eric Chavez , filling in for an ailing alex rodriguez , singledho ... Gary Rothfeld",negative
"America says President Stupid Obama and the sleeping vice president joe biden and the administration says "" YOU'RE FIRED """,negative
jimmy carter will go down in history as one of our worst presidents . he is an idiot .,negative
russell brand isn't as attractive with a clean face .,negative
"Elizabeth Taylor \'s Last Tweets : DameElizabeth on Love , Death and kim kardashian . via forbes",negative
britney news : aisha music : court clerk lists britney spears as dead,negative
britney spears is an anagram for presbyterians . can't tell if this is god's sense of humor or evidence of the fall .,negative
Probably going to go play the lottery tomorrow so I can have enough money to have oprah tweet me & I ignore . payback ! hahaha jk jk,negative
rofl someone who has common sense and extreme skills in bed needs to bang some brains into lindsay lohan .,negative
nicki minaj is crazy . Lmao with all those damn accents . Well we all a little' crazy . * shrugs *,negative
"jimmy fallon , The Roots and Stephen Colbert are all fools . LOL",negative
Why is obama so fast to move on Libya but no slow on Burma and North Korea ?,negative
Yo that's messed up souljaboy little brother gone damn RIP little homie,negative
"People i followed today "" Omarion , Natalie Nunn and any PAST BGC cast , Chingy and perez hilton "" what a list of Wackness",negative
Is it weird that I'm jealous of russell brand's curls ? There just so nice and natural,negative
"kevinrose on the ipad "" the lack of multitasking sucks at first but kinda forces you to be more mindful/zen . "" - Totally agree",negative
"> please RETWEET . USA ITS OUR RIGHT ! ASPCA PETA HSUS CAT DOG FARM GOD CHRISTIAN RESCUE -RRB- nokill TO OBAMA , biden SENATORS",negative
spotligh was lindsay lohan' s ungaro collection really as bad as everyone said - josh ... - slate : was l . .,negative
The estranged father of sarah palin' s grandson will be posing for playboy . That will show them .,negative
"nicki minaj rapping over The Big Pink . Someone do me a favor and cut my ears off , either that or chop Nicki's head off .",negative
Real men are not ashton kutcher . Fucking idiot . .,negative
spunkdesign Apple Survey - What is your opinion of Apple Products ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
why does britney spears sucking a cock keep trying to follow me ? i already blocked you like 100 times fuck,negative
words can't express how much i loathe nicolas cage .,negative
Kings take on hated lakers in just 10 minutes ! Head over to Kings.com and joining the Live Blog ! KingsFans HereWeRise,negative
britney spears when she went crazy and attacked the paparrazzi's car : -RRB-,negative
BONK BONK BONK BONK BONK -LRB- That's the sound I imagine hillary clinton' is head made banging against the wall this morning . -RRB- -LRB- via rachelsklar -RRB-,negative
Half of Iowa Republicans don't believe barack obama was born in the US ... and the other half believe in alien abductions .,negative
hillary clinton :' Better to be thrown accolades than shoes',negative
"There are lot of things to be upset about with the impending fed . shut down , but if I don't get my refund check , I'll shit on john boehner .",negative
What arnold schwarzenegger's most famous characters would sound like if they were clinically depressed . .,negative
"KitKat kool'n Mom dukes crib , watch'n penis Tracy on the Mac , my manz Al Pacino was that dude in this and madonna was bad as hell , still is",negative
"When I see' john legend' , on a song , I think' Lennon' . "" Why the fuck is John Lennon doing a song with Magnetic Man ?! "" . . I've said that a lot",negative
"GYPSY GIRLS , why you WAN NA LOOK LIKE kim kardashian ? why you NO WAN NA LOOK LIKE KHLOE ? CAUSE THATS THE CLOSEST your GON NA GET .",negative
iphone mistake of the day : no rotted just makingsufe = no problem just making sure .,negative
Dear mc hammer ... you promised not hurt me ... you did . You promised not to quit -LRB- you were too legitimate -RRB- . . you did . I can't trust you anymore .,negative
barack obama made the bullies stop picking on me .,negative
"john boehner No Compriomise , is the Big asshole that you R you made your Bed , now have to lay in that bed . this is why I say you R a Dumb ass LMAO LMAO",negative
usdor barack obama has now fired more cruise missiles than all other Nobel Peace prize winners combined . .,negative
Fuck lakers :-RRB- RT DaisyJuice4476 : RT GisyBlvd : RT Amazing __ Doll - Fuck all Laker Haters = -RRB-,negative
damn dats fucked up . . just wan na mess with shit . . don't know what they gon fuck up next . . micheal jackson is up on the moon . .,negative
Smh On the Eve of a classico im seeing pictures of Pique distracted by shakira ... wonder why i don fuck with these spanish niggas,negative
RT Neenie007 Here I am teameffkobe RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ? -LRB- we in this bitch I missed y' all -RRB-,negative
"jimmy fallon and Justin Timberlake are idiots . I'm in here in tears watching them on "" The Barry Gibb Talk Show "" .",negative
she got that good good . she micheal jackson bad bad .,negative
shoutout to all these damn porn bots ... i would never known that britney spears has had a penis in her mouth before - ___ -,negative
nick cannon Is Sum Shit,negative
"And then Pharoah didn't let my people go , even though they were hilarious , so God sent plagues like boils , lice + kim kardashian . - Passover",negative
"And finally ... bloggers in the US are attributing a scar on barack obama's head to' secret brain surgery ,' possibly suggesting he is an alien",negative
- andrea is britney spears in this bitch,negative
noneck davidstevenBREAKING NEWS Obamas Nobel prize . Turns out it was awarded for making peace with hillary clinton .,negative
why the fuck are they talking about if obama loves his dog or not ? Theres realler shit going on out this bitch man realtalk,negative
Justin Bieber is gay ? He has a girlfriend -LRB- < / 3 -RRB- . Justin Bieber can't sing ? Usher and justin timberlake fought over him justinbieber,negative
Drake Caught in Bed With nicki minaj ! Wow .,negative
""" obama has opened the first new military action of his presidency in Libya . "" . / Wrong . He killed 41 civilians in Yemen",negative
""" she's yodeling like she thinks she's goddamn shakira or goddamn jewel . """,negative
"i wonder if this "" report for spam "" feature will make them fucking britney spears blowjob bots stop following me . shit is annoying as fuck !",negative
"That must be it . I don't think he's funny either . karsh : I totally don't get russell brand's appeal . It's all in the accent , right ? idol",negative
consistently gets followed by users with icky nude pictures of britney spears what the fuuuuuuck !!! hahahaha parental guidance,negative
"sarah palin is like a GITMO detainee : We don't want to keep her , but we can't find anyone willing to take her .",negative
I just finished watching The Karate Kid and it was ruined by the sound of justin bieber . damn,negative
"demi lovato fans act like she has cancer or something . Dang people , StayStrongDemiLovato ... Really ? Poor depressed rich pop star :' -LRB-",negative
FightingWords : FUCK the lakers ! So when you see me let's catch a Fade !,negative
What would you do if nick jonas farted really loud on your first date ?,negative
i got two options for halloween lindsay lohan and lady gag !!!! ohh my ... what happened to lindsay she looks horrible !!!!,negative
lady gaga on the front on the enemy this week . Not cool . Not cool at all .,negative
Colmes and Crowley / Should President obama Give His Nobel Peace Prize Back ? . via youtube,negative
God damn . That Sony remote for google is fucking hideeeeeous !,negative
BREAKING NEWS ! Actor charlie sheen and R&B king R Kelly got into a fight and R kelly was arrested for -LRB- continued -RRB- .,negative
"Maureen Dowd 1999 : "" al gore is so feminine and diversified and ecologically correct , he's practically lactating . "" Why does anyone read her ?",negative
"No matter how awesome your design tools are ; tablet , ipad , laptop & so on . I think we always come back into a piece of paper",negative
MSM has not once mentioned Bill Maher's repulsive characterization of sarah palin . Now has been very quiet as Sarah is not a Democrat .,negative
Totally half-assed ... obama Rules Out Land Invasion to Oust Qaddafi as New Explosions Reported in Tripoli - FoxNews.com .,negative
deepdowninside i wan na cut all my hair off like britney spears and solangeknowles - dnt make me kill you psycho !,negative
"what if cervantes , shakespeare , or joyce couldn't find the' add categories' button ? curse you , kindle !",negative
"britney spears new song "" 3 "" is 1 on the billboard chart , clearly illustrating that american's have no taste in music .",negative
"selena gomez : "" Who said you're not perfect ? "" Me : "" Miley Cyrus said it yo bitch ! But you a' miss perfect' , never done a mistake huh ?! """,negative
"One of my biggest idols "" Weird Al Yankovic "" has been rejected by "" lady gaga "" to do a song of hers ... Damn girl , you just all kinds of stupid",negative
"helen edwards used to son george bush . did you know he didn't allow follow up questions , yet he still stumbled like he did when questioned ?",negative
"britney spears is stuck in my mind ! its that damn song , "" 3 . "" too catchy to get out of my head . britneyspears",negative
LankaWeb -- hillary clinton makes baseless accusations against Sri ...,negative
madonna is an idiot and way past her material girl phase . She is annoying and all her songs sound the same . just not cool anymore . Give up !,negative
New York/New York : live band karaoke Day in Pop Report - miley cyrus Needs Mental Help - New Lady gag .,negative
damn britney spears with her stupid catchy new song 3 . stuck in my head and i don't even like the song !,negative
"Roland Martin is a Moron . To be clear , I root for America , therefore I root against barack obama :",negative
"barack obama A person who acts in a manipulative and devious way , To Baffle YOU With Bull Shit and gain your trust . tcot HCR Glen Beck",negative
"Just received "" The Presentation secrets of steve jobs - How to be insanely great in front of any audience "" by Carmine Gallo",negative
"getting ready to post the latest from charlsieniemiec - it's excellent , as always , but we need to work on her johnmayer problem ...",negative
"john boehner is a lot like my ex-girlfriend . Always drunk , crying , complaining about us not having money , probably gives terrible blowjobs .",negative
MRice007 Apple Survey - What is your opinion of Apple Products ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
"true knocking ! rt : tommiesunshine britney spears new song 3 is 1 on billboard , clearly illustrating that americans have no taste in music .",negative
"Stay away from overexposed celebs ! : Sick of Lindsay Lohan and charlie sheen ? Thanks to a new application , you don "" t have to ... .",negative
lady gaga is more gaga than she is a lady .,negative
kchurch03 lol I hate harry potter . Are you going out tonight ?,negative
This nigga cory gunz is dumb as fuck you turn down a million dollar deal with YM/CMB and . Signs to nick cannon mother fucking nick cannon - __ -,negative
my pod touch is too loud as an alarm ... damn it steve jobs ! ...,negative
Fuck your ipad ! Give it to me ! ha RT xoxomuff time to siapppp . . anything text me ! ni ipad nye batt dah nak mampos .,negative
its bad bad bad alllll bad :-LRB- :-LRB- this is bad real bad micheal jackson,negative
I BLAME CHEWBACCA ... With regard to This LOST ... ... ... . . I MEAN khloe kardashian As well as HER DAMN Present,negative
"LankaWeb : Moral cries and lies of hillary clinton : H . L . D . Mahindapala On September 30 , 2009 , UN Secu . .",negative
knock them silly britney spears - oops ! ... i did it again,negative
"`` SkyJacquie : Is everyone happy jt is back as England Captain ? "" NO ! It's a farce but that's England . Capello , another expensive FA failure",negative
damn i really just laughed off my brownie obsession !!! y that shit sound like britney spears but betta !!! roflllll,negative
Selenita12 Apple Survey - What do you think of Apple products ? ipad sucks ? mac .,negative
I just head miley cyrus RUIN nirvana song ! You Miss . Cyrus should be smacked for even thinking you could sing any Nirvana song . disrespect,negative
i'm sorry george bush is a fucking vagina and fucked everything up . i'm sorry for anything that i've done to hurt someone .,negative
"Egyptian revolutionaries wouldn't meet with hillary recently . Guess she wasn't offering weapons to kill Arabs , then .",negative
"britney Griner is a beast ... 30 Pts , 4 Reb , 4 Ast , 9 black WOW",negative
Omg that russell brand and Katy Perry shit relationship is sooo fake poor girl I hope she's at least getting paid 4 it ...,negative
hell no !! fuck psp !! lol jk . nope . i like handheld systems better just not the psp,negative
"Dear America , You produced miley cyrus . Bieber is your punishment . Sincerely , Canada",negative
"What the Differenece between A plastic bag and micheal jackson ? 1 is plastic and a danger to kid , the other carries food",negative
"honestly , i don like it . "" windows 7 beats vista by 234 % in first week sales "" -",negative
Oh yay fucking harry potter weekend again you are soooooooo original abc family,negative
"Paparazzi GPS : katy perry Purrs Down Under , Maksim Hits Hollywood and More : katy perry was spotted giving high f ... .",negative
fucking lakers only have black people playing on their team !! black people are good at basketball !! no wonder they are winning ! LETS GO KINGS,negative
"Good morning . The temp has dropped and it's cold again . Damn you al gore for creating global warming . Breakfast , rehearsal , and a cold hike .",negative
Yumagk21_1 Apple Survey - Are Apple products any good ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
William Ayers says john mccain is a war criminal . . This coming from a guy who has killed . . men woman and children of his own people . . Classic,negative
Proud to say I am notfollowing al gore or Britney Spears or Charlie Sheen or Michael Moore or Naomi Judd or Howard Stern or Nancy Pelosi .,negative
""" We're damn serious about it . "" john boehner - If you're that' damn' serious about it , are you not getting a paycheck next week either ?",negative
"Venus and serena williams might well have recovered from recent injury worries , but the sisters are still uncertain ... .",negative
""" you look like a cat . "" "" you look like a dog . "" "" you look like an alligator . "" "" you look like an elephant . "" "" you look like a nicolas cage . """,negative
"LovingNickJ :P i don really like lady gaga tbh , some of her songs are okay but i think a lot of her songs sell because of what she wears x",negative
"This television spot should be pretty good . It's not martha stewart , but it's a start . -LRB- Hey MarthaStewart , saraicat would LOVE to do your show ! -RRB-",negative
britney spears FANS you NEED TO SHUT THE FUCK UP . you DIDn't EVEN HEAR BEYONCE HER NEW SONG AND ALREADY SAYING SHE IS A COPYCAT . FUL !,negative
"Rachel Maddow OBLITERATES john mccain , Joe Lieberman , And Lindsay Graham's Libyan Hypocrisy by noahedavis .",negative
nick cannon needs to cut the sh * t . Your done . The jig is up !,negative
"Please , no al gore jokes . That one is too tired . It's the lie that won't lie . heneversaidit GOP p2",negative
I need a drink ... bad real bad micheal jackson !! ~ Hun3y D ! pp ~,negative
i love how joejonas is always nice to people even though they talk shit about them . like perez hilton .,negative
"we all know this : jimmy carter was a phony , a disaster & a loser",negative
"i find it ironic that jimmy carter worked for 20 years to earn the nobel peace prize , the dalai lama for 40 years .",negative
"meldel , britney spears suck a stick -LRB- minha follower , olha q beleza ! -RRB- , kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk",negative
like no ! i'm a 17 year old ... i don't want to see your naked pictures or see britney spears sucking someone off ! hahah gross !,negative
i hate britney spears new song 3 what is it about people ! nothing ! besides she has never had a good singing voice i'm more for lady gag ! woop,negative
"khloe kardashian retweets waaaay too much ! it completely fills up my home page , and quite frankly , I don't care ! time to unfollow ...",negative
"gag , Timberlake , and Kunis - Oh My ! : This week ellen degeneres fans are going gag ! The infamous pop star and fa ... .",negative
"lol god no , i hate lindsay lohan and her movies -LRB- except for mean girls -RRB- i'm just making fun that i saw that at all xd",negative
good grief ! when did hilary swank get so old ?,negative
"harry potter is a really shit ! I'm so sorry , I tried it too much . but it's impossible , I don't like it !",negative
RT ChokeOnMyHalo : ------------- > RT inibbleonclits Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics,negative
"multi-level funny - very annoying that iphone corrects "" says "" to "" sex . "" fail to catch , and i send goofy message . or worse .",negative
porn nsfw britney spears nude by sinful comics celebrity porn cartoons -,negative
mw2 less than 2 days . fuck xbox . ps3 ftw !,negative
Liberals are starting to tweet that john boehner is an alcoholic . It's not like he drove off a bridge and killed somebody . tcot gop,negative
"josh partner says "" lindsay lohan chez ungaro ? that beautiful dream has been lost to a tart "" :",negative
even worse than jimmy carter ?,negative
ffs resi 3 froze . stupid psp . nothing's working ; _ ;,negative
"NO ONE CARES IF YOU HAVE TICKETS TO SEE shakira . dude you literally are like showing off . not jealous , heck no , but still . its like",negative
"Pixelflux yeah I seen that . He went to Twitter and guess what , the new Twitter looks ace . It's phone application is great too . google needs design .",negative
Obama and Boehner Are Budget Deal's Odd Couple - The Daily Beast : The deal brokered by Barack Obama and john boehner helps the presid ...,negative
shit i didn't know lindsay lohan was in it's alive ! she's the little cripple fire crotch boy !,negative
TheLightNC Update : Calls Begin For Revocation Of Pres . obama's Nobel Peace Prize .,negative
"the poll sucks anyways , obams won it just like jimmy carter won it ! so haters move the fuck on !",negative
what the fucking hell is google wave ? it looks like shit ! i don even know what to do with it !,negative
"musicology 187 - when you beat a dead horse , you can't complain when it starts to smell like britney spears - ...",negative
I hate harry potter !!!!!!,negative
slap the taste out sarah palin' s mouth . realbucketlist,negative
simon cowell goes george bush on our asses - misunderestimated ? and how the hell does he look that good at 50 ? xfactor,negative
afghanistan and jimmy carter -- both are still a mess,negative
"complicated but i say ds . kindle does 1 thing , easier to break , easier to spend your $ $ . ds does lots of things .",negative
FUck you internet explorer . bill gates is the devil,negative
says channel -LSB- V -RSB- playlist today : madonna . hish ! why madonna ? i hate madonna :' - -LRB-,negative
Yes Finn justin bieber sucks i totally agree glee,negative
KAMU defeated justin bieber at FaceFighter for phone ! . .,negative
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ creeping but it don't matter because I ain't justin bieber .,negative
"Whats this i hear about joe biden & a closet ? Joe get stuck & have to be rescued by the secret service again ? Remember Joe , Push don Pull",negative
"lol . . they be following too . . talking about "" see britney spears suck a cock "" lmao !",negative
"even more , i'd say 30 % of these who aren't real have pictures of britney spears sucking a cock .",negative
Donald Trump over here talking about Prez obama needs to show his birth certificate ... FUCKING IDIOT !,negative
your dad has good taste ! my dad did exactly the same thing when he tried the wii . : -RRB-,negative
FOIA crowdsource website Wikicountability.org launched by CrossroadsGPS to make obama administrator accountable . .,negative
"i have that stupid britney spears song in my head arghhh . i hate that song "" 3 """,negative
"taylor swift was a FIVE SEED in the Esquire Sexy Bracket ??? DIE IN A FUCKING FIRE OF YOUR OWN BURNING , AWFUL , PUSSY LYRICS , BITCH .",negative
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich urged House Republicans to defeat obama Care,negative
charlie sheen is no longer winning ... At all .,negative
"sorry , SF Brit Poppers : RT Confirmed : britney spears not performing in Castro after all .",negative
neville chamberlain won a nobel prize for naively appeasing hitler . jimmy carter similarly won one for being suckered by north korea .,negative
tell tiger woods you cant injure your knee playing golf,negative
wii fits a bit shit ! better going out for a run really i got bored of mine quick !,negative
lindsay lohan looks like she is 59 years old and has been rode hard and put away wet . meth face much ?,negative
"RT Money_Mitch40 : lakers is the only games im watching all season ... LakerNation -- fuck them , heat all day .",negative
": been using windows 7 about 3 times for less than 20 minutes , and i've gotten 3 bsods ... windows7 fail",negative
"if selena gomez beats out miley cyrus , victoria justice , or miranda cosgrove . imma need to call up kanye west .",negative
"AP : "" Levi Johnston is going for ultimate exposure -- the father of sarah palin' s grandchild will pose nude for Playgirl . "" -LRB- Yikes . -RRB-",negative
Tbh TheRealXtina & britney need to become Twitter bffs . I would die !,negative
"I keep searching for video from Chile , but google isn't helping . I keep getting weird results when I type in "" amazing chilean minors "" .",negative
""" uh uh uh uh george bush ? oh wait -- john mccain ? oh wait -- a tea bagger ? uh uh obama is a socialist fascist kenyan moozlim . """,negative
I cant believe i'm saying this but mila kunis is hotter than katy perry ...,negative
"lol -LRB- on Obama's nobel peace prize -RRB- as a friend said , it was for saving the world from sarah palin",negative
RT PHXSuns6thMan RT ZoDogg34 : RT bwilliams210 : RT connerysteph : RT if you are lakers,negative
lindsay lohan is the reason i'm pro-choice ... and her name isn't even worth capitalizing,negative
xbox microsoft customer support is fucking garbage ! i will be buying playstation for my next console for sure .,negative
"TheLandPirate yeah mufucka , fuck a lady gaga , I'll freestyle on All these white girls , we keep it nasty",negative
I sat looking at the television with my mouth open . I just couldn't believe it . I guess cus sarah palin thinks different she doesn't read lol,negative
"I would rather b called angry Mob & Idiots who did not vote for barack obama , Than supporting with Head up his Lower Backside Orifice tlot",negative
"the wii sucks ! its fun for a couple of weeks , but you will quickly become bored with it . games on the ps3 are worlds better",negative
okay i will be a little more reasonable ... Comparing Keyshia Cole to alicia keys is like comparing Lloyd to Chris Brown,negative
george bush didnt do shit . . liberate who ? that was just a facade to the shit he made when he ran over to iraq ... icing to cover an ugly cake,negative
who ` s responsible for these stupid ass britney spears spam shitss ?? they should be lynched ! grrrrr,negative
Me against the music - Britney & madonna,negative
hey I'm justin bieber :-RRB- I LOVE INDONESIA because there are JUPE and DEPE :D eyaaaeyaaa,negative
Nice What do Miley Cyrus and barack obama have in common ? They both attract young people with mindless verses . tcot tlot ocra,negative
President obama is Trap ! He and his Nato Allies got in the Middle of the Libya crisis with no way Out ! TRAPFILES . COM,negative
Yeah . . Back to it you no you need be a shame looking like a doll and helpn the children I'm give 1 the benefit of the doubt alicia keys,negative
"john boehner called the idea of raising taxes "" unacceptable and a nonstarter . "" Sorry Mr. Boehner , but YOU are ... .",negative
Beyonce & shakira in the Beautiful Liar video are just ridiculous . . No need to be that hot !,negative
Man i hate that lady gaga song and its playing everywhere i go,negative
obama Faces Criticism Of Mission In Libya . -LSB- NPR -RSB-,negative
like rapping and making puns about kim kardashian and her two-ton buns of fun -LRB- YouTube . -RRB-,negative
new blog post : lindsay lohan is one fuckable bitch,negative
while browsing through all the famous people i saw mc hammer ... how embarrassing ... at least he doesn't get called a boy like that poor bieber girl,negative
"I can't believe , girls are too stupid , they are going to protest in downtown the 30th of april . Why ??? To bring justin bieber to lebanon !",negative
maradona you are an idiot ! If Argentina ... I can't even think about what would happen if the Argies don't qualify for the WC . I hope they do !,negative
"This "" winning "" ish getting OLD quickly ... especially after charlie sheen ass kissed another man . umNO",negative
"i hate it when my iphone just decides to stop spell-checking out of the blue . as soon as i tweet about it , it starts . michigan j . frogphone",negative
feeling slightly lethargic today-last night was very silly . today is all about ian and adam making fools of themselves on wii fit ...,negative
bizarroworldkev also enjoys iCarly and Glee . And has an unhealthy obsession with the girl who REPLACED ashley tisdale on Suite Life .,negative
""" mr. lindsay lohan' s daddy "" is a fame whore !",negative
I'm becoming like martha stewart all this damn cooking ... well if you want to be healthy it seems you got ta cook alot of meals yourself,negative
I don't think ashton kutcher is that hot : / don't get the fascination !,negative
"nobel peace prize justification : not being george bush , who represented an arrogant , belligerent , unilateralist american foreign policy style",negative
"I am tired of carping from Right and Left , given obama's lack of leadership I am fine with Sarkozy and Cameron in the lead .",negative
perez hilton >> nicolas cage is selling another castle ! : maybe he should be a real estate . .,negative
"Sick of sarah palin , Glenn Beck bogus books topping the charts ? Buy Helen Thomas's new book . .",negative
nm_journal Apple Survey - Are Apple products any good ? ipad sucks ? apple .,negative
New blog post : Fake Autographs Ebay Derek Jeter Albert Pujols alex rodriguez Signed Autographed Baseball Photo .,negative
i HATE harry potter,negative
"i can go any page , star any tweet , and search any name on twitter , but i can't even tweet from my psp !!! that just sucks !",negative
RT BigJamaal : lakers Where y' all at ? << TeamFUCKaLAKERHATER,negative
cause the team is bad real bad micheal jackson,negative
------------- > RT inibbleonclits Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics,negative
hilary swank : i let boyfriend's son see me nude : but her revelation that she goes nude in real life -- in fro . .,negative
"you mean LOL . sellingsex This time in 2008 , sarah palin was hugging and kissing Levi as the family man welcome into Palin's White House ...",negative
"Limbaugh Calls obama A "" Siss -LSB- y -RSB- "" For Listening To Women Advisors On National Security - Media Matters .",negative
don't want to see amelia . every time hilary swank looks like a boy she wins an oscar . - she looks like a damn boy again ! . . oscar ?,negative
"Nobel "" Peace Prize "" winner obama , bombs Libya , hummmmmm ... the left is so stupid .",negative
I'll dming to justin bieber whoever follow ~ ~ > BiebergasmTM,negative
""" Its only a matter of time before someone sues al gore for inventing the internet . "" I like that quote , though I fear it may one day be true",negative
Love how I choose another tattoo and BOOM miley cyrus has the exact same one ... fuck now I can't get it,negative
"britney spears' s' 3' was so weird it was frightening , its terrible",negative
"no , the wii sports games seem to suck",negative
"Shocked by kim kardashian sex tape video , posted right here : . OMG shocked !!",negative
"obama , Int' l leaders denounce Jerusalem terrorist attack : US president on J'lem bombing and Gaza rocket attacks : ... .",negative
just got my netflix instant streaming disc for ps3 . prayers have been answered . suck on that xbox .,negative
ladyhabs Apple Survey - What do you think of Apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
"B Maher : Repeal' Don't Ask , Don't Tell' "" Do it because it will make sarah palin go rogue in her pants . """,negative
"Seriously , who the fuck is kim kardashian and why is she supposed to be famous ? Why are some people famous for being famous ?",negative
katy perry sang E.T. live American Idol . She didn't manage to reach the high part . Awful .,negative
"Mad Magazine-B4 Jackson , there never was a Prez born west of Appalachia , before obama , there had never been a Prez born , wherever he was born",negative
"My 3 year daughter said "" I love micheal jackson but why does he look like a cat ? "" I said who told you that she said "" I have eyes mommy' lol .",negative
FF MarkieAi Likes animals . Hates spiders . Hates charlie sheen . Likes cookies .,negative
"To all of you that love j lo and hate Lady gag ... gag is writing and producing songs for j lo's new album , so ... SuckOnThat ; - -RRB-",negative
why do i kp gttng these nasty britney spears dng nasty things people following me i have no desire 2 see her do anything sexual i don't like blonds,negative
lindsay lohan begins blame game : lindsay lohan begins the blame game . lindsay started reeling off excuses for with . .,negative
"i installed windows 7 on my system , and guess what ? user unfriendly , so i went back to good old xp . win7",negative
okay penis penis penis i love penis ? who loves penis ? joe does ... because he got ta big one ! woooo omg britney spears sucks penis too !,negative
kim kardashian always says don't goggle yourself ... well duh ! You have a sex tape idiot . I goggle myself and my eharmony account comes up,negative
"actually , hilary swank as a guy looks how i imagine matt damon might look as a woman ... bizarre .",negative
why does soulja boy still try ... give it up,negative
it's official : george bush was such a bad president that you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him . fb,negative
"labor pains is a complete trash , no wonder lindsay lohan had sunk nowhere .",negative
great mario batali event to raise money for nyc foodbank . hats off ! jimmy fallon and jon stewart missed this pi .,negative
Rebecca Black we don't hate you because your famous ... your famous because we hate you ~ charlie sheen,negative
hilary swank is not attractive . ugly infact .,negative
"Amazingly , this story is NOT from The Onion . -- Osama bin Laden to al-Qaeda :' Don't bother assassinating joe biden' .",negative
""" the final countdown "" is stuck in my head . damn windows 7 commercials",negative
trscoop I search for Snidely Whiplash and get that . Whatever new algorithm google is using certainly turns up weird results .,negative
That dude justin bieber has bitches on deck,negative
werld star be having some crazy shit . about tah hit dah stu in ah minute ... wii about tah show ya'll how tah do this .,negative
i want a fucking ipad bitch acquiredtaste,negative
"which party gave screenshot payments to immigrants , even though they never put a dime into it ? dem under jimmy carter . tcot tlot",negative
jimmy carter please stop talking . didn't you retire like 50 years ago ???,negative
"no , as a matter fo fact , i do not want to see britney spears sucking c * ck . please die now .",negative
britney spears new video hold it against me is stupid . Britney needs to make a better comeback ...,negative
anyone else sick of seeing the avatar of britney spears giving head ? raise your hands . pornbotssuck nopunintended / the worst,negative
pissed now . the droid rapes the iphone . by far . thank you lack of patience .,negative
yes ! we can report spam on twitter now . hopefully theyll delete all the britney spears porno bots from following us all . getting on my nerves,negative
binxdecosta and three shots of vodka mixed with monster mixed with rockstar mixed with lady gaga's po po po po pokerface mixed with FUCK !!!,negative
""" 3 "" by britney spears is pretty dope , plus it deputed at number 1 , kudos 2 her",negative
rebecca black's friday has more views than lady gaga's born this way . OMG,negative
RT iPEEPSit : random I have the most hated team in college DUKE and in the NBA . . lakers LoveEm -- `` Fuck duke and the lakers !!!! Lol,negative
"if the only reason you're following me is so i can see britney spears have sex , do me a favor and block yourself",negative
"i admire selena . she get death threats , hate , insult and she's stills with justin . kim kardashian stopped after a hug .",negative
if you feather your bleached blonde hair to look like farrah fawcett than you're too old to wear an outfit to look like lindsay lohan .,negative
nicki minaj has brought back the female rapper . - really ? nicki minaj is the biggest parody in popular music since the Lonely Island .,negative
"Bruno paris hilton Prosecutor BUSTED ! | Celeb Dirty Laundry : David Schubert , the Las Vegas District attorney ... .",negative
Lmao stfu ! I'm done though blood ! Lol RT afRaaadisiac : fuck you RT kwaneequa : Fuck the lakers ! Just thought I should add that !,negative
bad britney spears song stuck in my brain : /,negative
"there's always a slow person on every television show . London on Suite Life , hillary on Fresh Prince , Chelsea on That's So Raven , etc . lmao",negative
"click4 pictures & clips ! lindsay lohan sucks at fashion , employment : bad business decisions are . .",negative
okay I tried to get used to the new google image search but I can't . I hate it .,negative
"in Poland , too ! Thanks to you know who to blame doctorfollowill it's cold again . Damn you al gore for creating global warming .",negative
"Willie Revillame & other celebrities , be like Justin Bieber & not like Charlie Sheen or paris hilton ! World has so many problems , don't add !",negative
"either i have a dirty filthy mind or the new britney spears song "" 3 "" isn't necessarily about the actual number ... geez !",negative
i have fucking bad romance stuck in my head . fuck you lady gaga .,negative
hi my name is harry and i hate britney spears,negative
"she look better than beyonce , alicia keys , halle berry , ms. jolie and she's from no I.D. ... that girl's an alien",negative
al gore is likening his global warming fight to the civil rights movement . Didn't his dad filibuster the civil rights act ? justsayin fb,negative
RT KingDTay : The lakers suck !!!!,negative
"Telegraph - kylieminogue demonstrated that when it comes to the classier brand of arena kitsch she , not lady gaga remains supreme authority",negative
hilary swank' s hair on the cover of marie claire is seriously making me want to go light .,negative
"SonjaaRenee fuck ipad , people that follow me . fuck ipad",negative
connerysteph i hate the lakers 2 m.i.a.m.i heat all day,negative
"anderson cooper Will Not Air Osama Bin Laden Tape : Damn straight ! Before his death , Osama bin Laden reportedly ... .",negative
"naetoopretty lol . . they be following too . . talking about "" see britney spears suck a cock "" lmao * lmfaooooo omgg you too much !",negative
"barack obama's FATHER , also named Barack , was born in Kenya , NOT PRESIDENT Barack . GET YOUR FUCKING FACTS RIGHT . -LRB- :D -RRB-",negative
"i don't appreciate this britney spears character with her profile picture sucking on a peen'tis , following me .",negative
Fake steve jobs on the IBM Air NZ fiasco,negative
You Tube Admits To Censoring View Count On biden Impeachment Video : Steve Watson | Youtube has admitted to freeze ... .,negative
and mrjpatt - guess what - i hateeeee britney spears even if you're doing the remix ha,negative
"Hey Maher , is hillary an ugly' twat' ??",negative
OMG ! nothing can get worse than madonna dry humping and acting like a slut when she's 51 and has like a gabilli ...,negative
"RT : DaKiDJAY17 "" FuckYeahAwny hahaha NEVER ! Mine like kim kardashian ... yours like Khloe ... O "" damn i don even wan na play anymore :-LRB- ha",negative
"Fake steve jobs : Dear U.S. Chamber of Commerce : You are totally full of shit , now please sit down and shut the fuck up",negative
"So , the weather in Hobart is just as crazy as charlie sheen .",negative
if this retarded ellen degeneres look alike bitch don get the fuck up out my mentions . all hell is gon na break loose .,negative
"I don't do whitney , I don't do britney , I don't do lindsey , I made 2 million last wednesday",negative
"In the S&M remix with britney spears , she sounds like a nasal , congested 5 year old talking about sex . .",negative
YEAH ! GREAT ! RT uchalusil : of course ! iam proud of it . . harry potter freaks :-RRB- RT nia_swpo : pada ngerti singkatan dari HPF kan !,negative
"am i the only one the britney spears sucking a penis follow , god damn",negative
justin bieber is fucking gay jebbuusss,negative
My Nigga snoop dogg Be fucking the Mess out Wiz Khalifa's Mom On The Low Doe,negative
off top ! lmao sum like that . . but i got some micheal jackson for his sucka ass . . lol we are banging dow foe my thang . .,negative
"thank you so much for making me laugh with madonna , I needed it . True artist , je t ` adoreAdY Xx",negative
"So it takes a royal wedding 2 make everyone forget about charlie sheen ? god ! people r easily amused , fickle n just plain fucking stupid at times",negative
That awkward moment when nick jonas cuts his hair and doesn't lose 80 000 followers .,negative
if justin bieber came up to u in the streets and called u pretty what would u do - Say thanks and walk away ... .,negative
i hate my xbox ...,negative
i really do not like this new britney spears song,negative
watching ESPN bashing WNBA finals . . to myself lol . Manly-ass arms . . and I thought madonna' is was worse,negative
""" A lot of people will be disappointed with this week's results . "" ryan seacrest , I hate you sometimes . It better not be SMcCreeryAI10 idol",negative
i hate wii,negative
i got daht guu guu im micheal jackson bad and he attracted to me with my attractive ass . HTC ...,negative
why does britney spears sound like she sings through her nose,negative
The difference between justin bieber and Aaron Carter . Everybody loved Aaron . Nobody likes Justin .,negative
RT YouhaveNoTeeth : Fuck Kobe And The lakers .,negative
lady gaga's Mother will be joining her on tour to make sure she doesn't drink too much . She is said to be worried about her health .,negative
britney spears' music has gotten progressively worse . she sings less and less and relies upon melodyne to make her boice sound like crap !,negative
"I can here gaga , just don't know where I can here the silly cow !",negative
"girl dressed like britney spears "" hit me baby one more time "" on campus . guess halloween is starting early this year ?",negative
RT C_DINERO_EZ : How you from cali and dohn fuck with lakers,negative
Hey juice television lady gaga aint metal . WTF why just why .,negative
windows 7 upgrade advisor will not run -LRB- unexpected error -RRB-,negative
"just saw those annoying twins do britney spears on the x factors ... so so painful , it's like watching a car crash !",negative
RT YouhaveNoTeeth : Fuck Kobe And The lakers . < Best tweet ever !,negative
"Despite the divorce from madonna last year , Guy Ritchie says : "" I still love her . But she's retarded , too . "" Nice to know .",negative
kill selena gomez -LRB- iJever live on . -RRB-,negative
lady gaga taunted by burgers -LRB- femalefirst -RRB- .,negative
"RT loveloey : I fuck with the harry potter movies . / / i told you harry potter movies are the ish , read their books . Its so amazing .",negative
"american secret agents on american presidents : no surprises , jimmy carter is worst",negative
i hate when im the tall one in a room ... it makes me feel like khloe kardashian !!! but not tall just huge,negative
i hate the new windows 7 adverts,negative
"this amelia movie could have been so good ... but hilary swank = not a good fit . also , she's ugly as ass .",negative
"your partner cheats , blame obama . your kid fails a test in school , blame obama . your girl is pregnant , not the father ? Just blame obama",negative
Justin : I named My car selena gomez . Selena : Awww your so cute . Justin : Then I crashed it . .,negative
kim kardashian is the dumbest omg,negative
Fuck the lakers LOL . . Teamceltics,negative
"I pity whoever it is . Idiomatic , garbled English PLUS google translation - it's either painful , or awesome to read .",negative
Got ta Light Skin Friend Look Like micheal jackson Got ta Dark Skin friend look like micheal jackson . . LMfao im crying off that RIP MJ though,negative
doesnt like or find this harry potter film interesting at all ! why is everyone obsessed with these films ?,negative
for one day only . i hate my iphone ... will gladly swap for a phone that is functioning,negative
MyHomelessSignWouldSay lakers AllDay,negative
"it's official : george bush was such an ass , you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him",negative
"on this day in 2002 , former president jimmy carter won the nobel peace prize . / / suck it , whiners . you . r . on . wrong side .",negative
neiledmundson Apple Survey - What do you think of Apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
"The Fact Checker | Libya , obama and the tragedy in Darfur : Why obama's campaign promise may come back to haunt him - .",negative
right off of jimmy carter exit + gwinett ... its dope as shit man .,negative
King's Way Research : Libya : Nato remains split as barack obama announces US would pull back' this week' : Infight ... .,negative
"lindsay lohan - 23 years old , looks like 53 . drugs + booze + the horrible horrible fish lips = sad",negative
ashton kutcher in the nikon commercials . stupid,negative
jewelry : report : lindsay lohan stole jewelry again - lindsay lohan : this is starting to sound like a bathroom . .,negative
upgradetwitter : so whoever this penis sucking britney spears bitch is can killherself !!,negative
heatherlybadov Apple Survey - What do you think of Apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .,negative
"hey , spambot ! i know that's not britney spears in that photo . britney isn't anywhere near that good looking .",negative
looks like disney stores are gon na be a lot more like Apple Stores -LRB- thanks to steve jobs -RRB-,negative
"thank you , britney spears , for ruining my favorite number 3 .",negative
britney spears lookalike - slutty chick that looks like britney sucks and fucks .,negative
q . why will jimmy carter vote for barack obama ? a . because carter doesn't want to be the worst president in history .,negative
except you britney spears sucking penis spammers . i hope yall choke on a penis -- > t debnam15 : follow my nigga 3ezy . he a fool,negative
I seriously hope the acting has got better in harry potter . roommate is watching gauntlet of fire or whatever . These kids fucking suck,negative
i don understand how anybody in their right mind can support sarah palin . she is dumb,negative
Boehner : obama's Libya Plan Lacks Goals or Clear Mission ... Newsmax . via addthis,negative
"Yo it would be fucked up if Obama when back in the white house and ashton kutcher and Osama came out like "" you "" have just been punk'd bitch !! """,negative
"shh girl , shake yeah thighs , do the barack obama and tell us some lies OH OH OH oh",negative
joe biden is ruining days all over UNH RT : realpod45 the tech place just said my laptop is completely broken ... I blame joe biden,negative
"I use Windows Vista , and I like it . mac are just PC's running BSD . steve jobs has never had an original idea . ; - p",negative
Breaking : No Fly Zone expanded to all of Mid-East . This is in effort to keep sarah palin from returning to the United States .,negative
windows 7 upgrade not going as smoothly as planned . nearly a fail .,negative
""" I got that good good , i ` m micheal jackson bad , he attracted to my attractive ass !! "" : -RRB-",negative
comeonson you must be gay if you got britney spears album on your pod,negative
"john mccain in Libya . Better be careful before someone makes him a POW again . Wait , no war declaration , oh well , they can keep him then ?",negative
""" Do it because it'll make sarah palin go rogue in her pants . """,negative
"Americans back obama on Libya , but not a majority .",negative
britney spears debate supplement 2011 | britney spears junk food | Gossip Cop .,negative
damn lindsay lohan looks like shit,negative
Are you shitting me ? Another Red Ring of Death ? fucking bill gates can suck my penis,negative
Got ta Light Skin Friend Look Like micheal jackson Got ta Dark Skin friend look like micheal jackson . . LMfao im crying off that RIP MJ though,negative
mandy moore nude video Check out the latest mandy moore nude sex videos and other funny videos from ... mandy moore fansite with latest picture,negative
i got daht guu guu im micheal jackson bad and he attracted to me with my attractive ass . HTC . fin'n taa bee outii ...,negative
hey guess what HATERS you CAN KILL YO SELF * nicki minaj voice * lol,negative
the biggest loser wii review,negative
Yikes ! RT Here's that terrible sarah palin women ! OMG ! Sanctuary OMG for sure SGU Sanctuary,negative
"so sick of the people who are called "" fuck britney "" following me !! i don like britney spears ! have a problem .",negative
I want justin bieber hair flip and the cutest face old ! not like now . This my honest,negative
"In order to cure the stupidity that had infected their country after sarah palin visited , India needed BillGates' visit as an antidote .",negative
"billboard hot 100 : -- 1 britney spears 3 !! suck it , haters !",negative
"wow , lindsay lohan is looking like garbage . what's she doing to herself ?",negative
Cool It -LRB- 2010 -RRB- A reasonable and intelligent alternative to al gore's exaggerations . 7/9,negative
roflmao ! the x-factor twins doing britney spears must be the best piece of comedy this year ! losers !!!!!!!!! xfactor edward john britney,negative
. . which may or may not be true the real science has been lost amongst all the bullshit and al gore : D,negative
